Post by Deleted on Jan 9, 2021 at 2:14amPost by KrysisKore on Jan 1, 2021 at 1:16pmPost by Deleted on Dec 27, 2020 at 5:34pmPost by Deleted on Dec 24, 2020 at 6:09pmPost by Deleted on Dec 24, 2020 at 6:08pmPost by Deleted on Dec 24, 2020 at 6:06pmPost by Killiak on Apr 23, 2021 at 6:23pmPost by Yoshida on Apr 21, 2021 at 8:21amPost by Killiak on Mar 13, 2021 at 1:40pmPost by Yoshida on Mar 11, 2021 at 5:11amPost by Killiak on Mar 9, 2021 at 12:20amPost by Yoshida on Feb 27, 2021 at 5:00pmPost by Killiak on Feb 18, 2021 at 12:46amPost by Yoshida on Feb 17, 2021 at 2:33amPost by Magustus Caesar on Jul 30, 2019 at 2:59amPost by Lysander on Apr 29, 2019 at 12:38pmPost by Magustus Caesar on Apr 3, 2019 at 12:06amPost by Lysander on Mar 11, 2019 at 2:30pmPost by Magustus Caesar on Feb 23, 2019 at 9:09pmPost by Lysander on Feb 20, 2019 at 4:04pmPost by Dirge on Feb 20, 2021 at 6:50pmPost by Dirge on Feb 21, 2021 at 5:28pmPost by Charlie Mylphis on Feb 21, 2021 at 7:01pmPost by Dirge on Feb 23, 2021 at 2:39pmPost by Charlie Mylphis on Feb 24, 2021 at 1:20amPost by Dirge on Feb 24, 2021 at 7:52pmPost by Charlie Mylphis on Feb 25, 2021 at 12:42pmPost by Dirge on Feb 25, 2021 at 5:15pmPost by Charlie Mylphis on Feb 26, 2021 at 12:43amPost by Dirge on Feb 27, 2021 at 6:56pmPost by Charlie Mylphis on Feb 27, 2021 at 9:45pmPost by Dirge on Feb 27, 2021 at 11:08pmPost by Charlie Mylphis on Feb 27, 2021 at 11:51pmPost by Deleted on Feb 28, 2021 at 3:12amPost by Charlie Mylphis on Feb 28, 2021 at 3:36amPost by Ezekiel on Mar 2, 2021 at 8:13pmPost by Uzuki on Mar 4, 2021 at 9:10amPost by Ezekiel on Apr 23, 2021 at 10:53pmPost by Uzuki on Apr 26, 2021 at 10:27amPost by Ezekiel on May 4, 2021 at 10:31pmPost by Uzuki on Jul 2, 2021 at 9:25amPost by Deleted on Dec 24, 2020 at 9:42pmPost by Deleted on Jan 10, 2021 at 12:45pmPost by Dirge on Feb 1, 2021 at 5:55pmPost by Deleted on Feb 6, 2021 at 8:57pmPost by Dirge on Feb 8, 2021 at 4:05pmPost by Deleted on Mar 7, 2021 at 8:41pmPost by Dirge on Mar 29, 2021 at 11:14amPost by Deleted on Apr 1, 2021 at 5:59pmPost by Hero on Jul 2, 2018 at 12:28pmPost by Hero on Jul 2, 2018 at 12:29pmPost by Dirge on Jul 24, 2018 at 12:56pmPost by Hero on Aug 4, 2018 at 2:06pmPost by Dirge on Aug 9, 2018 at 6:39pmPost by Hero on Nov 11, 2018 at 1:34pmPost by Dirge on Nov 12, 2018 at 10:46am— identification: ???— referral identity: "Law" — epithet(s): "The Dead Gun", "The Ouroboros",  — homeworld: Halcyon, Halptide — alleigance: The Pandemonium Knights— lineage: ???— class: Gunslinger— vocation: ???— age: ???— gender: Male  — height: Six feet two inches [6'2", fluctuates] — weight: Six-hundred and ninety-eight pounds [698 lbs, fluctuates] • build: slender | athletically toned [fluctuates]— hair: Messy and black— eye color: Fluctuates— blood type: ???— body art: ???— proficiencies¬ archery: E¬ daggers: C¬ maces: E¬ firearms: Z¬ polearms: E¬ staves: E¬ swords: D¬ unnarmed: B¬ projectiles: S+¬ whips: E¬ shields: E¬ hammers: E¬ axes: E— breakdown¬ power: B*¬ speed: S¬ toughness: D¬ versatility: C¬ range: A¬ potential: ?Law is best defined as a psychopath. A revenant. The sight of blood enthralls him but also sends chills down his own spine. Death is an allegory of which he acknowledges yet refuses to confront wholly. The twisted psychology of the standalone gunslinger has been twisted over the thousands of years in and out of sleep where the grotesque hunger of despair has filled his soul; yet his soul clings desperately to the mantra of his birthplace. This mortal infliction plagues him with every walking step, pulling him to devour the weak, and then to eliminate the wrong, the evil. The long road of anguish has led him to this place, a place where the lash demands the blood of any that live, and his psyche has long since exceeded its lifespan. Once, Law was a regular human being, and a gunslinger of The Technocrats justice. Now he is an amalgamation of misery, forever dead, but cursed to the world of living. What guides the motivations of the supernatural ghoul is unknown, but the quaking of his immortal heart cries to the void of the cosmos, and this shriek of terror brings him everlasting pain.• *Vervelligos | The Crimson Gun #3: Of the 88 weapons forged by Sigma the Ironcast, the Vervelligos was the first to contradict the purpose of the White, the Order, and the Law. One of the first weapons forged in the fires of Dirge, it is said that he looked to the weapon as one of the violent failures, yet was forged with such elegance that he refused to dismantle it. As a result, it became one of the 88 used to fight the greatest threat the Lombardi Arms Corporation ever faced in the hands of the most skilled, willful gunslingers. While almost all of the gunslingers involved were killed, and their weapons confiscated or scattered in the midst of the cosmic threat, the Vervelligos was hoisted by Brian J. Alias, a raven-haired pragmatist who resisted the killing intent that slowly tugged the strings of his psyche like that of a harp. As the years carried on, not all of the royal family within The Technocracy would be able to resist the urges calling them to despair. Over time it became natural that all members of the Alias family join Ouroborus so that psychological dampening devices could be installed to prevent them from betraying their focus, using the destructive weapon for order and prosperity throughout the cosmos. This, however, would one day change. Law J. Alias, the nonchalant, lackadaisical genius of the family, far more extraordinary than most of his ancestors, broke the cycle. The .45 Colt Break Action Revolver cast in crimson deuranium with a top-breaking reloading system of earlier models, and the bottom cylinder firing of a classic like Mateba 2006m with the luger closely resembling as such. Along the barrel towards the muzzle in gold trimming read “ave maria” and the golden finish of its handle fit smoothly in the young protege's hand, almost as if made for him. While the fear of the weapon's immense psychological pull initially frightened him, causing him to use other standard weaponry in battle, it was after he had lost one of the many battles he had participated in, and had both of his arms ripped from their sockets, that the plea of anguish called to him. While his arms were replaced with metagenic superiors, his mind was never the same, and from then on he began to spiral out of control. While he became one of the greatest assets of the corporation, his blood thirst and lack of empathy cost him; and the result was being exiled under the pretext of “finding intel in the cosmos that extended beyond the currently known dimensional boundaries”. This is when he found out the true potential of the weapon as a killing machine.At a glance it appears to be nothing more than a .45 Colt Break Action revolver yet it harnesses the chaos of the world into a fundamental destructive force known as entropy, forcing the destruction of matter by converting the energy holding the molecular bonds of matter's structure together into heat, resulting in atomizing matter and scattering it violently through thermal explosions only amplified by the synergy between the psionic gunslinger and the weapon. It is said that the creation of this weapon may have helped in giving birth to Deballo, The Red Art, the living antithesis to The Current, as the wielder idolizes the slow, timely death of the multiverse. Law, corrupted beyond belief, had recklessly indulged in strengthening his relationship with The Vervelligos, yet it has since not been seen. The power of this weapon is thought to be limitless.And it is said that no one has lived to master the weapon's dark potential. • Nicholas #15: Nicholas is one of the many guns of the Sigma 88 that possesses no extraordinary offensive capabilities whatsoever. It does not summon fire or ice. It cannot create a nuclear explosion. It does not discharge blasts of superheated plasma or beams of protons. It cannot reconstitute itself from an atomized state. It is a pistol, a .38 caliber handgun, and for the unattentive, it is nothing more than that.However, Nicholas does possess two unique elements.First, it is exceptionally well made. Nicholas is perhaps the greatest testament to Sigma's absolute mastery of gunsmithing in the entire series. Cast in high quality dueranium, its 7 1/3" barrel is colored in the rich, black-purple hue of the metal with cobalt and copper details along its contours. The name "Nicholas" appears on its barrel, etched in elegant gold script. Its grip is sturdy and covered in strong, supple black rubber, and its weight is balanced in the most ideal fashion. Nicholas possesses perfect calibration. On its own, its firing mechanism suffers zero mechanical difficulty, and in the numerous millenia since its creation, this perfection has yet to degrade. Only the inferiorities of its gunslinger could cause the performance of this firearm to suffer.Secondly, and far more remarkably, Nicholas contains a marvelous intelligence. Nicholas is not a gun for heroes and legends. It is a gun for people, people with strengths and weaknesses, capable simultaneously of vast courage and cowardice, benevolence and maliciousness, if pushed to such a point. Nicholas desires for its gunslingers to push themselves to be moral, generous men with the strength to protect and fight for their beliefs. "He" is sometimes acerbic and upsettingly frank, but his primary purpose is to encourage and support, offering some of his own extraordinary psychic constitution to strengthen the resolve of his wielder.Gunslinger Lore dictates that Nicholas has been possessed by many of the most famous gunslingers in the modern history of their order, but more often than not, the name "Nicholas" is not present in their official records, and so the gun seems to reside in a realm of non-legend, in the hazy dimensions outside of myth and story. Rarely is the gun handed down from master to student, as is the case with many of the Sigma Series, but rather it seems to drift purposefully from one owner to the next, playing a silent role in the lives of heroes across time and space. It is now that it finds itself held captive by The Dead Gun, with a relationship that not many could possibly understand. • LAC G-1182 "Gray9" Handgun (modified): Contrasting with the simplicity of the Blacktail light handgun is the Lombardi Arms Corporation "Gray9", a staggeringly powerful handgun developed for the Technocrat .442 Heavy round. Its name comes from its nine round magazine and flat gray colorization. The Gray9 is less commonly used on the whole than the Blacktail, owing to its more complex design that makes it more prone to misfire. The gun is also very large, with a six inch barrel for a full length of ten inches and an unmodified weight of almost five pounds.The Gray9 has a unique construction that borrows more from Technocrat rifle design than that of other handguns. It uses what is called an impulse percussion driver, an electrical module that generates an explosive discharge, both to trigger the cartridge and to actuate the shell loading/ejection assembly. The module is charged by a tiny power cell built into the clip of the Gray9, thus recharging it with each loading. The use of the driver allows for the Gray9 to chamber much more powerful cartridges, including mercurium core penetrating rounds. The driver also gives the Gray9's firing a distinctive sound, which has been described as a "zap" accompanying the traditional detonation of the explosive powder.Being open to extensive modification like the Blacktail, Law has a wide variety of different chambers, barrels, pistons, and magazines that are interchangeable to allow it to accept larger rounds, or even more unique rounds. Magnetic rounds have been inserted into the standard barrel to make the pistol a semi-coil gun, and the mechanical shell control system has been replaced with a magnetic system that allows it to draw electrical power from the percussion driver (which comes in handy when combined with The Current). This makes his modified version of the Grey9 more lethal than most, and a trusty sidearm to carry into any battle.• Violence (modified): Violence is a weapon called a mag sword. Mag swords (or sabers or katanas, depending on the preference of the designer) construct a blade plasma contained and shamed by a magnetic field. Violence uses a dual projector design, with one magnetic generator at the base of the blade in the hilt, and a second projector at the end of a boom that extends the length of the blade. The has the advantage of creating a much stronger blade that can cut through solid dueranium without trouble, at the expense of shielding one edge of the blade with the extended boom, effectively making Violence a single edged sword. Violence remains a great improvement over its myriad of predecessors though, sporting a sleeker design, higher output, and the replacement of the solid magnetic projector of the Violence with an open coil at the end of the boom, which allows the blade to travel through the secondary projector and end with a point, allowing Violence to be used with a stabbing attack instead of limiting it to slicing. The blade uses a standard thorium-hydrogen plasma, with a slight xenon impurity to give it a purple color.• Quantam Circulatory Drive (portal drive): The standard device used across the Technocracy for transportation across universes. A Quantum Circuity Drive, or QCD as it is most commonly called, is a device that uses the element viniculum to create a portal in the quantum barrier between dimensions based on a series of 4-dimensional calculations. The QCD's microprocessor repeats these equations upwards of five thousand times within the space of a few seconds in order to create the most precise and powerful portal possible. As a result, the portals are typically microscopic, which both conserves fuel and prevents damage to the quantum barrier. The target is then compressed into a matter stream and passed through the pattern before being reassembled on the other side. A QCD can also be used to create larger portals, or to perform blink jumps, if the operator is knowledgeable enough. Personnel QCDs used by soldiers and agents are most commonly in the form of a gold pocketwatch, with the controls contained on the inside, though custom jobs are used by some. When using these small hand units, unless very precise coordinates are entered (usually around 50 characters long), the QCD will rely on guidance information provided by supplemental software. Law's pocket watch is golden. • Technocrat Combat Pack: There are times in a combat situation where it may not be necessary for a gunslinger to employ the full extend of his individual talents and power levels. Occasions when success demands a more traditional, minimal approach, so far as it is possible within the realm of technology. For this purpose, all Technocrat agents are expected to carry on their persons these combat packs, containing an array of smaller weapons for dispatching lesser adversaries, or providing suppression fire against more powerful foes. Law utilizes these packs, in the form of two narrow pouches on his upper thighs and one larger on in the small of his back, though he selected a rather unique variety of weapons. Over time he has learned to create these packs himself with the resources provided through his travels. Though the arsenal provided may potentially vary, his standard arsenal includes:-Combat Knives (x4): 8 inch heavy steel blades.The value of these knives is seen not only in their killing power, but also in their utility. One never knows when one needs a big knife.-Throwing Knives (x6): Light, 4 inch daggers built for aerodynamics. Crude, but effective. To quote Starship Troopers’ Sergeant Zim: “The enemy cannot press a button if you disable his hand.”-Double Grenades (x10): Small canister bombs with a two stage explosive mechanism. This is accomplished with a layered chemical warhead inside the grenade. The first stage is a concussive blast, followed be a larger, incendiary burst a second later. Law’s preference for these weapons is somewhat unusual, since the power of the concussive blast is more subdued compared to most TCP Grenades. His primary reason for using them is due to their disperse qualities.-Low Tensile Sensor Micro-Wire (x300 feet): Wrapped tightly around a ring spool, the purpose of these wires is detection and entrapment. They break under relatively minor pressure, and in doing so, can set off alarms or, more commonly, explosives. Law often incorporates them with his Double Grenades.• Omninet S1 Connection: The Omninet is the Technocats' Commercial Computer Network, similar to the modern Internet, only much, much larger. An S1 connection uses small holographic projectors in the fingertips to create interface objects allowing access to the Net, and a neural connection allows for rapid and easy info gathering. An S1 connection is limited to viewing and transmitting, not downloading, to prevent the threat of neural hacking.The Order of Law: In his days as a noble knight errant of the Lombardi Arms Corporation, the gunslinger eventually found himself commissioned to the covert operations of Ouroboros. One of his many experimental upgrades involved the implementation of a transistor capable of absorbing the input of information and analyzing it by the algorithms of the dimensional computational device to create any and all matter and energy at will. Through the use of hardware processing built into his metagenic enhancements through SIE [Serasoft Information Electronics] he's able to decipher information of the environment using his perceptual abilities and feed them into The Black Box to give him an unmatched understanding and replication of abilities, techniques, and matter that has been constructed or deconstructed. Able to draw from any esoteric whether common or misunderstood classifications of the ethereal and arcane: no power can escape his grasp of utilization, and this includes the power of the box itself. The haphazardly powerful hardware is far more than any rational being could possibly handle, usually atleast. Only with adept control could Law, in the beginning, halt the effects of erasing his existence by the sheer power of the the Order's distortions. Throughout the years it took mastery of self and of the nanomachines perpetual healing factors to save him from the inevitable. Being the only one to receive the almost certainly fatal upgrade by way of experimentation, it would later prove to be one of the strongest weapons in his arsenal. The power within the box itself, if allowed to overload by way of improper utilization or loss of control, could theoretically create a singularity the size of a solar system, and that is only by estimate. It would largely depend on the method of overload, and the counteraction committed. Coded with 4Archon, it exists as a metaphysical hypercube within a connected subspace within Law, installed within his chest where his heart once existed before he became a revenant. The incredible complexity of this systems makes it virtually impossible to hack, interface with, or be destroyed without directly destroying Law himself. The Lifeforge: Made in conjunction to The Order of Law, Dr. Kervarikan felt it necessary to further innovate the capabilities of The Black Box by extension, leading to the commission of perhaps their most ambitious process yet. After having each of his arms ripped off, their surgical replacements became enhancements of Law's gunslinger abilities— and simultaneously supplements by extension of the Order's powerful hardware. The Lifeforge is software installed into intricately forged nanotechnology within his arms capable of forging any and everything by extension of the information output given by the Order itself. The Order of Law functions as not only a conduit for possibly limitless energy, but also a computer for which anything analyzed and input into it can be forged or utilized, and while techniques are capable of being emulated curiosity led to the creation of the forge. By using the power of the hardware in question he's capable of harnessing the necessary energy to form an ethereal trace to emulate the item's effects, abilities, etc in question: and through Matter Editation he uses his nanomachine technology and magnetism to break down existing matter in the world around or beyond to create the actual physical manifestation of the item itself, if necessary. This allows him to make perfect replications or oftentimes better creations of things he's observed, and each item created has then penchant for incredible violent annihilation, each seamlessly able to connect to The Black Box's governing power. Anything as harmless as a knife holds the potency to inspire downright insane destruction. The Ouroboros Paradox: Existing on one plane of time and space alone the world passes from one point to the next for him without dissolution. Even those who have encountered and associated with the enigma find it curious that they are unable to describe his true appearance or much about him at all. It is unknown what causes this, but this seems to be a passive trait born of his affiliation with The Pandemonium Knights. While memories remain attached, any understanding of the entity's appearance and even general nuances remain hazy and unable to be interpreted, even by cameras or anything that has gleaned his appearance at any specific moment or time. This has been coined The Ouroboros Paradox likely in association to the gunslinger's roots within The Technocrats and what they represented.The Catechism: The most basic of all Gunslinger Arts, and the most deeply rooted in their lore and culture. Its elements are derived from the ancient psalm that all gunslingers must learn. The ancient verses dictate the four necessary traits that the gunslinger must possess: the Hand, the Eye, the Mind and the Heart, in increasing difficulty of mastery. Their roles break down as follows:The Hand: Although the Hand is not expressly stated in the Catechism, it is the most fundamental of all arts. The Gunslinger's Hand is the physical ability to handle a gun-- to control it with perfect swiftness and fidelity. While the other arts all imbue greater skills, they mean nothing if the gunslinger cannot properly handle his weapon.The Eye: The Gunslinger's Eye is the art of accuracy. The Gunslinger will be able to acquire his target instantly with the scarcist glance. He will see his movements and how the environment insinuates itself, and he will use this knowledge to create his shot.The Mind: Of all the Catechism, it is the Gunslinger's Mind that tends to take the longest to master. The art is many things. It is the skills and tricks in concert with the Hand Art needed to survive a firefight. It is a heightened sense of things acquired through the Eye Art that gives him a near supernatural ability to move through the battlefield. Above all else though, it is the mental acuity necessary to claim victory from even the most dire circumstances.The Heart: Whereas the other three elements of the Catechism all have direct, practical uses, the Gunslinger's Heart is most esoteric. It is a kind of spiritual strength and stamina that allows the gunslinger to act as a force of light in such a dark existence as persists across the Multiverse.Law has long since mastered The Catechism, so much so that it has become instinct to him. Any who seeks to the use of a fire arm, or to match him in the art of the gun, usually always find themselves outmatched and outperformed. The Gunslinger Art— Barrellagio: As battles between gunslingers and magically enhanced swordsmen became more common, the swordsmen realized that in order to compete they would need to develop fighting styles designed to combat gunfire, which posed a nearly insurmountable threat with its speed, range and power. These typically involved blocking or deflecting bullets with their weapons or using agility to avoid gunfire. These skills proved lethal for the gunslingers, so they were forced to adapt their own techniques, thus giving birth to the Barrellaggio. Barrellaggio treats the gun not as a weapon just used to kill the enemy, but as a weapon to fight other weapons with. Masters of the art target not their foe, knowing he has the skills to defend himself, but his weapon itself at close range. A gunshot striking a swinging sword will throw off the attack or possibly destroy the weapon entirely and leave the swordsman vulnerable for the coup-de-grace. The gunslinger, though, must be prepared to face an opponent not so easily flustered, and to use the Barrellaggio to duel his opponent until he achieves his advantage. This art requires exceptional accuracy, dexterity and clarity of mind to perfect.The Gunslinger Art— Zanketsuken: An art created by Zan the Razor Edged Gun. Zanketsuken combines the use of a firearm with a bladed weapon, most often a handgun with a long knife. By mixing these styles, the gunslinger becomes a full spectrum threat, capable of attacking at both close quarters and long range, and in a linear and circular plane. Speed, agility and perception are all enhanced through Zanketsuken. While Law is no master of this artform, it is one that he has worked carefully to develop so as to provide himself with an advantage in the event that its application becomes necessary. Most often is he able to handle all manner of conflict without using it. The Gunslinger Art— Interception: A talent thought to be simply impossible and inconceivable at best. With trained eyes and lightening reflexes, Law has grown accustomed to the speed in which projectiles are fired from his own weapons as well as enemy guns, to the point that he can now see, anticipate, and practically watch an opponents munition coming towards him. By training his hands to react, Law has learned how to protect himself from most ranged attacks by shooting the projectile (or in some cases projectiles) out of the air with maximum efficiency and results. Prolonged fighting with Law using this style eventually allows him to predict shots before they are fired on an instinctual level allowing him to draw out and exploit weakness. In some cases, it became common that Law ended up shooting his bullet down the barrel of the other shooters gun just as the man was pulling the trigger. One of the rarest of The Gunslinger Arts, or rather, one of the more uncommon, it was taught to Law by Barko in the beginning of his days learning to master his reflexes and speed above all else. The Gunslinger Art— Torrenteux: Derived from Barrellaggio, the Touch and the Current, the Torrenteux is the usage of telekinesis applied to the body in such specific intervals and applications as to defy previously established speeds or slow the user. By training the mind and body to move in unison to the motivations of the gunslinger, frightening speeds can be achieved, halted, and redirected concurrently, and is only logically achieved by reinforcement of the joints and body to support the shock of its own movement. However, it is the combination of speed, and the versatility provided by the reinforced ligaments and joints in the body that allow the gunslinger to perform complicated shots from a variety of otherwise freakish angles. Speed and versatility, henceforth, become the watchwork of Torrenteux, an artform developed by The Rapid Gun in the growing days of his earlier infamy. Shots that would ordinarily break the wrist, arm, or any joint of the body are effortlessly performed by Law using his metagenic enhancement and telekinesis to the apex of possible advantage. The Gunslinger Art— Touch: Apart from the Catechism itself, the Touch is the oldest of all Gunslinger Arts. The Touch is a form of passive telepathy that affects both people and objects, most notably fellow gunslingers and their own weapons. It does not activity probe the mind, but it reads the currents of thought, at times at great distances. Rarely can the Touch be learned, but it can be refined in those naturally gifted. Skilled users can sense the presence of other gunslingers across vast distances, and feel the onset of danger before it closes in. So too does the gunslinger acquire an enhanced sense of his own weapons. He feels them as an extension of his own will. He knows their condition and location at all times-- some users even go so far as to leave their weapons in areas where they wish to remotely extend their senses. Law, however, has a greater mastery than most, and can even move his own weapons, or something he has made psionic contact with minutely with his mind. The Gunslinger Art— Current: Derived from the Touch, the Current is a form of telekinesis used to affect the behavior of the gunslinger's weapons and ammunition. As telekinesis, the Current does not directly affect these, but rather reaches out to tap into the latent energy of the universe-- the seele force as the Technocrats call it, the energy that flows from Gaia into all things, giving to them strength and stability. The Current harnesses this vast power, turning it into an offensive tool to enrich their firepower and steel their defenses. As with the Touch, the Current is rarely something that can be learned to those not gifted. The Current tends to manifest as a dynamic, electric energy attached to each gunshot.Nanoregeneration: Nanomachines designed for matter editation integrated into a biological system. Nanoregeneration uses these machines to repair damage to tissues by reassembling environmental material into the needed components. The rate at which this occurs varies greatly depending on three factors: the sophistication of the nanomachine system, the concentration of nanomachines, and the availability of material. With the correct variables, it is possible for a Technocrat soldier to recover in minutes from even fatal injuries; it is not unheard of for particularly advanced nanoregeneration systems to regenerate severed or destroyed heads by suspending the subject's C-Feed within their network. Most nanoregen systems harness and recycle the energy released from the deconstruction of matter for the editation process, but still require biochemical energy to sustain themselves.Law's Nanoregeneration systems in-particular are by far the most powerful the market has to offer. Tuned by Lombardi Nanotechnologies personal directive for the operative in question they've been created to heal intermediate injuries caused by the Order of Law almost immediately with proper concentration facilitated. Even without, however, they have autonomy and are capable of functioning without command input from Law, but rather directly from the neural feed giving a complex understanding of what needs to be repaired, or what may need to be repaired at any given time.   Metagenic Enhancement: Lombardi Genomics top of the line Molecular-Cellular refinement process. Through Matter Editation, Nerve Calibration and Cybernetic implants, his combat efficiency has been ratcheted up to utterly superhuman levels. The carbon basis for his physical body now has the durability of graphite steel composite, while retaining the feel and sensitivity of normal skin. His bones are stronger than titanium, his organs sturdier and more efficient than ever before, and his nervous system has been enhanced to bullet dodging extent. This all is in addition to further improvements to his Nanoregenerative capabilities, which can heal even major, life threatening wounds before they even register. The scientists who installed the enhancement implied that, given a sufficient oxygen supply, like Asimov’s, his body can actually survive the vacuum of space indefinitely, since he can generate his own infrared heat. More importantly, his entire Muscular system has been improved to give him superior strength and even greater speed, allowing him to move as fast as he can think, which is now downright blinding. Supplemented by materia glands system capable of creating a range of nanites to be used for the purpose of restoration or Matter Editation.