Post by Deleted on Jan 9, 2021 at 2:14amPost by KrysisKore on Jan 1, 2021 at 1:16pmPost by Deleted on Dec 27, 2020 at 5:34pmPost by Deleted on Dec 24, 2020 at 6:09pmPost by Deleted on Dec 24, 2020 at 6:08pmPost by Deleted on Dec 24, 2020 at 6:06pmPost by Killiak on Apr 23, 2021 at 6:23pmPost by Yoshida on Apr 21, 2021 at 8:21amPost by Killiak on Mar 13, 2021 at 1:40pmPost by Yoshida on Mar 11, 2021 at 5:11amPost by Killiak on Mar 9, 2021 at 12:20amPost by Yoshida on Feb 27, 2021 at 5:00pmPost by Killiak on Feb 18, 2021 at 12:46amPost by Yoshida on Feb 17, 2021 at 2:33amPost by Magustus Caesar on Jul 30, 2019 at 2:59amPost by Lysander on Apr 29, 2019 at 12:38pmPost by Magustus Caesar on Apr 3, 2019 at 12:06amPost by Lysander on Mar 11, 2019 at 2:30pmPost by Magustus Caesar on Feb 23, 2019 at 9:09pmPost by Lysander on Feb 20, 2019 at 4:04pmPost by Dirge on Feb 20, 2021 at 6:50pmPost by Dirge on Feb 21, 2021 at 5:28pmPost by Charlie Mylphis on Feb 21, 2021 at 7:01pmPost by Dirge on Feb 23, 2021 at 2:39pmPost by Charlie Mylphis on Feb 24, 2021 at 1:20amPost by Dirge on Feb 24, 2021 at 7:52pmPost by Charlie Mylphis on Feb 25, 2021 at 12:42pmPost by Dirge on Feb 25, 2021 at 5:15pmPost by Charlie Mylphis on Feb 26, 2021 at 12:43amPost by Dirge on Feb 27, 2021 at 6:56pmPost by Charlie Mylphis on Feb 27, 2021 at 9:45pmPost by Dirge on Feb 27, 2021 at 11:08pmPost by Charlie Mylphis on Feb 27, 2021 at 11:51pmPost by Deleted on Feb 28, 2021 at 3:12amPost by Charlie Mylphis on Feb 28, 2021 at 3:36amPost by Ezekiel on Mar 2, 2021 at 8:13pmPost by Uzuki on Mar 4, 2021 at 9:10amPost by Ezekiel on Apr 23, 2021 at 10:53pmPost by Uzuki on Apr 26, 2021 at 10:27amPost by Ezekiel on May 4, 2021 at 10:31pmPost by Uzuki on Jul 2, 2021 at 9:25amPost by Deleted on Dec 24, 2020 at 9:42pmPost by Deleted on Jan 10, 2021 at 12:45pmPost by Dirge on Feb 1, 2021 at 5:55pmPost by Deleted on Feb 6, 2021 at 8:57pmPost by Dirge on Feb 8, 2021 at 4:05pmPost by Deleted on Mar 7, 2021 at 8:41pmPost by Dirge on Mar 29, 2021 at 11:14amPost by Deleted on Apr 1, 2021 at 5:59pmPost by Hero on Jul 2, 2018 at 12:28pmPost by Hero on Jul 2, 2018 at 12:29pmPost by Dirge on Jul 24, 2018 at 12:56pmPost by Hero on Aug 4, 2018 at 2:06pmPost by Dirge on Aug 9, 2018 at 6:39pmPost by Hero on Nov 11, 2018 at 1:34pmPost by Dirge on Nov 12, 2018 at 10:46amForeword: Athanasius is a completely story-driven character, designed to enhance stories from the shadows and rarely ever involve himself directly. As such, this profile section entails only the true form of Athanasius, the Chaos God himself. It entails his nearly omnipotent, constantly omnipresent self and the abilities that he utilizes as such.He will rarely, if ever, be called upon in this form for any type of battle or fight, and instead exists (for me) as a behind-the-scenes figure of pure chaos whose only purpose will ever be plot-points and story-advancement of a specific type. All battles involving Athanasius, therefore, will be conducted utilizing vessels, heralds, and avatars. The three types, their distinctions, and their fundamentally different capabilities can be found in the next post within this threadName: AthanasiusAlias: Agent of Apocrypha, The Mad King, The Chaos God.Age: Currently unknown, though lore of a creature of his type predates known history.Gender: Unspecified, currently believed to be a male due to chosen avatars. Refers to self as “he”.Race: Old One, One Who Came Before, Humanoid ExtraterrestrialHeight: Unknown, no mortal eyes have seen him and lived to tell – not with their mind intact anyway.Weight: See, HeightAppearanceAthanasius, sometimes referred to as Athan, is a creature few have ever laid eyes upon. His true appearance is a matter of some debate, though millions of generations in lore has been written about him. Notably, scholars tend to agree that he is a gargantuan beast-like humanoid with eyes of the darkest night and hair of the brightest light. Despite this, it is widely believed that his appearance is a matter of his whim – commonly prophets speak of him as the dark specter behind all evil, the shadowy figured through which dark deeds are epitomized.As such, their visions of him often describe him as nothing more than a silhouette, or in some rare cases, a dark-skinned mammoth of a man whose glowing red eyes, gnashing yellowed teeth, and raven hair inspire the deepest of fears within nearly any individual who lays vision upon his true body. Athanasius, from his throne in the exact center of all existence, laughs at any who try to discern his true appearance. Only his most devout of followers have any true understanding of who, or what, he actually is, and what his appearance may actually look like.As such, he often chooses to represent himself through his followers – rather than revealing himself directly he uses a series of vessels and avatars for his dealings with individuals and groups across the Multiverse. Those each seem to appear much the same to the other, and their appearances will be revealed in another section of this work.PersonalityAs the bringer of chaos, the sewer of evil acts, it would be assumed that The Shattered God is a being of extreme evil and hatred, whose very words inspire nothing more than the most atrocious of acts to be committed – and for him to be one who revels in the misdeeds and misconduct of others. That, however, could not be further from the truth. His station simply is, it is not who he is, but what he does. His destiny was chosen for him at the beginning of time itself. It is not for him to revel in the evil of others, only to inspire their true natures to come to light.The Bringer of Chaos, some call him, but it is not true – for chaos is the one true constant in all things. He is simply a conduit through which that power flows forth from the ether beyond. A totemic structure, through which powers flows like a raging river during a flood of biblical proportions. It is not, inherently, his choices and desires which inspire such ferocious acts of evil in those who deal with him – simply the will of the ether in its attempts to balance all that is good and just with that which is unrighteous and evil.Does he, from time to time, revel in the chaos he sows? No more so than a baker admires a grand cake, or any other artisan admires with a sense of pride the masterpiece which they have crafted from their innate skills.PowersAgent of Apocrypha: At the moment of time's beginning, there was naught but chaos. Order had yet begun, and so the Multiverse was nothing more than a swirling mass of explosions happening one after the other – expanding itself across all things, through all times. Creating, in that single moment, everything that is known to exist today. It was, at that point, Athanasius' body was born. And in the next, order began. While chaos still reigns, rampaging through the Multiverse, it does so using Athanasius' physical form as a conduit for its might.There are those, millions and billions of them, who seek order and virtue. Who press their minds to the grindstone and grind away at the chaos to bring forth some semblance of order. Governments, communities, solar systems all under the command of those warriors for order, both knowing and unknowing, push back the chaos that would destroy all things. Athanasius' job, and the brunt source of his all-encompassing magic, is the chaos they seek to hold at bay. It is by his very nature that chaos exists, and chaos is his true calling. Therefore, his main ability, and the power from which all his other might springs, is the very nature of chaos itself.Cosmic Magic: Pulling the threads of the cosmos is simply an act of his very nature. A creature born of cosmic explosions and energies, it is simply a snap of his fingers that calls forth that very might to his aide. The results of wielding such magic, however, can become catastrophic – as overuse of that energy without awaiting time for the cosmos to replenish its supply can lead to reality-rending phenomenon. Each use is basically like ripping a section of the Multiverse out, slapping a child with it, then – over time – replacing it once again. For Athanasius, this is the epitome of his true power, and a skill that (while handy) even he rarely resorts to utilizing. Unraveling all of reality, after all, could have just as negative an effect on him.Cellular Replication: A creature born to be everlasting, it is insanely hard – if not impossible – to kill Athanasius That's assuming one could even locate, much less reach and then subdue, his true body to begin with. Broken skins heals itself, rather quickly, the cells inside his body replicating at a rate exponentially greater than that of most other living entities. Severed limbs and broken bones mend in minutes, if not seconds, and even the removal of his brain is healed as long as his connection with the Apocrypha is unbroken.The Apocryphon Plane: The unseen force of power residing alongside, but not within, the Multiverse itself. It was this power that, in ancient times, was said to have created the explosions which forced all known things into existence. It is from that source of power that Athanasius' draws most of his might, including the ability to sow discord and chaos like seeds in a field. An unseen, nearly unbreakable connection with it exists from the very core of his being and it spreads through his veins like a wildfire. A source of power which begets Chaos itself, Athanasius' draws on it only in the most dire of circumstances.The All-Seeing Eye: Within Athanasius' is the power to see, hear, and involve himself in nearly every instance of reality within nearly every instance of the Multiverse at a single time. The true extent of this power is yet unknown, even to Athanasius, who in his billions of years of life has had no call to fully test the limitations of his knowledge. Athanasius uses this ability mostly as reconnaissance, to find the heralds and vessels through which he will invoke his dark rituals.The All-Knowing Mind: Athanasius is quite adept at discovering plots and schemes long before they ever come to fruition. It has been thousands of years since anyone, or anything, has truly surprised him. Though, keeping in mind that it has been millions of years since he's interacted with any species utilizing his true form, and thus with the full might of his station behind him, that might not be all that surprising. Athanasius also isn't surprised by that revelation of fact.WeaponThe Dark Rites: Twin short-swords covered in sinister markings lining their curves blades, these swords are utilized on very rare occasions to the full extent of their power, and are Athanasius' true first-choice in weaponry. Though without the need for them, their true forms have long since been gathering dust, he is quite adept at their use and often uses a shadowed form of them while utilizing his avatars.HistoryAs old as the Multiverse itself, Athanasius came to be at the very moment of creation. When the Apocrypha reached out its all-powerful hand and crafted from its ordered self the very nature of Chaos itself, there was born a child within. A creature without name, nor power. It grew inside the chaos, taking upon the powers of the Apocrypha and the very Chaos it created, and for years it slumbered – siphoning the energies it would need when order attempted to reign supreme within this world. When the first civilizations began, Athanasius awakened from his slumber – and for every piece of order they wrought, he sowed a bit of chaos to keep the balance.The Judgment of Chaos, it was called, the day his reckoning was felt for the first time on a grand scale. Some called it a world-shattering phenomenon, blaming it on climate change, thousands of generations of war – only a few had learned enough from travelers among the stars, who had come close enough to Athanasius' lair to be touched by the misanthropy of his mind, to discern that it was truly the work of a single creature, rather than coincidence after coincidence.It is through his distinct connection with The Apocrypha Plane that his mind came to exist, that his body was forged in the fires of that unholy place. Now, as an Agent of Apocrypha, he seeks only to convert willing minds to the call of chaos – to burn their very beings to ash inside of a skin suit, and then put them to work in the only ways he knows how.[Foreword] This section will be used to detail, categorize, explain, and introduce a person to the main bodies through which Athanasius presents himself to the mortal world. For the more prominent of his Heralds, those with the most power and influence, separate sections will be created. This section, therefore, is simply a basic idea of how The Agent of Apocrypha will communicate and interact story-wise.Vessels: Like billowing smoke just behind the eyes, Athanasius inhabits these bodies in the weakest of his forms – only capable of limited communications and with little to no access to the might of their master. The person within remains, pushed to the back of the subconscious while Athanasius uses their bodies for his own ends. Residing in one too long can burn the very soul from the being, and in doing so destroy the vessel itself – leaving only Athanasius' influence until he deems that the body has outlived its usefulness to him.Avatars: Created from the clay of the earth, these fragile creatures are much like vessels, though without a human soul they take much longer for Athanasius to burn up completely. They find themselves capable of the most basic of Apocrypha's might – and have enhanced physical attributes. However, being as they are simply made from hardened dirt – slightly augmented by the Will of Athanasius, they are quite easily dispatched and done away with. Athanasius himself only rarely uses this method of communication, preferring more sturdy people through whom to work his influence.Heralds: Heralds of The Apocryphon, those who have looked beyond the veil into the disgusting nature of the things beyond and come back to tell the tale. They function much like priests, and if you look hard enough you can find several of them scattered throughout most worlds – preaching the glory of Chaos, or simply enacting upon the base desires that breed the undoing of structure everywhere. They are Athanasius' main form of interaction without leaving the total safety of his home realm, and it is through them that his evil works are committed. [Foreward] – This section deals specifically with the location of Athanasius' full body, his final form as some would say. Here, in this expanse of space, his power is absolute, insurmountable, and uncontrollable. As a Harbinger of Apocrypha, his power here is beyond the scope of any mortal creature – and despite his chaos inducing nature, this place in space is the home of the truest of all orders. The contrast of him here, in this place, as compared to him outside of his home space is a complete balance to the actions he undertakes. Life is balance, and for Athanasius this is the truest balance possible.The Apocryphon Line: A discolored orb of space surrounding the inner sections of defenses protecting Athanasius lands, and people, from hostile outsiders. Any attempts to teleport within the main body of Athanasius' realm will result in relocation to the closest outskirt of the line. From there, any individual seeking an audience with Athanasius, for whatever reason they may wish to gaze upon his regale form, must make the journey by more mundane means. What the line in space is, or who even created it, is unknown. What is known is that it is a tear in space and time itself, a doorway to another dimensions. The full expanse of the line itself is simply a type of road for the weary traveler to continue on. It is highly recommended that magic not be attempted within the Apocryphon line, and that no overtly hostile actions be taken by any individual seeking passage through this section – as even Athanasius himself fears doing such things. The Apocryphon Line is neutral ground, and any who seek to break that truce are – through the glory of Apocrypha itself, disintegrated to mere ashes floating through space.The Defense Grid: Once through the Apocryphon line, defenses are fairly lax – and here hostile actions are not met with instant death. Though, keep in mind that once you breach the other side of the Apocryphon Line, you are fully within Athanasius' realm, and are subject to his every whim and desire. Only those of the strongest resolve and will can maintain functioning brain activity when confronted by this psychic might. Here, technology is the first call of defense – though in some small cases augmented magics are at work as well. Missiles capable of breaching even the thickest of hulls, turrets capable of blasting mechanized combat units into simple dust, they all are scattered seemingly at random throughout the Grid. However, their randomness is by design – allowing them to fire upon any vessel, from any angle, simultaneously.The Planetary Bodies: Once past both outer layers of defenses, and into the depths of Athanasius' realm, you'll find yourself confronted with nine Earth-like planets orbiting an artificial star at their center. Due to distance and revolutions, each has its own unique climate – and at least one of them is completely uninhabitable by any type of human. However, each sustains a type of life of its own. Presumably, these people are the greatest agents of order known to the Multiverse, champions of righteousness and justice whose lives were severed through Athanasius' vile workings. They were brought here in order to forge and run the most perfect of societies. While, as an Agent of Apocrypha, Athanasius seeks to breed chaos and destruction throughout the whole of the Multiverse, here he seeks to form the perfect societies – where everyone is happy and they live a peaceful, Utopian life. It is the most perfect balance.Each planet is headed by a Herald of Apocrypha, whose mind is completely controlled by Athanasius' blessings. They see to the day-to-day activities of the planets, the people. They make sure everything runs smoothly, and everyone remains happy. It is here that the most powerful of Athanasius' Heralds reside, Their names are known throughout the entire system, and even outside of it some whispers of them exist. Much like Athanasius, rumors have traveled far and wide of their immense might and prowess. Chaos cannot exist upon these planets, though outside of it, their minds are Athanasius' to do with as he wills.[Afterward] Each planet, if ever required, will have a detailed write-up and explanation of it completed at such a time as called for, as will the defensive natures of both the Apocryphon Line and The Defense Grid. However, as the character himself, the realm he resides in, and the planets within that realm are simply story-oriented mechanics, and no open conflict should ever breach the front door of his realm (for obvious reasons), I feel that doing them currently would just be a colossal waste of time and effort, no?