Post by Dirge on Nov 12, 2018 at 10:46amPost by Hero on Nov 11, 2018 at 1:34pmPost by Dirge on Aug 9, 2018 at 6:39pmPost by Hero on Aug 4, 2018 at 2:06pmPost by Dirge on Jul 24, 2018 at 12:56pmPost by Hero on Jul 2, 2018 at 12:29pmPost by Hero on Jul 2, 2018 at 12:28pmPost by Deleted on Apr 1, 2021 at 5:59pmPost by Dirge on Mar 29, 2021 at 11:14amPost by Deleted on Mar 7, 2021 at 8:41pmPost by Dirge on Feb 8, 2021 at 4:05pmPost by Deleted on Feb 6, 2021 at 8:57pmPost by Dirge on Feb 1, 2021 at 5:55pmPost by Deleted on Jan 10, 2021 at 12:45pmPost by Deleted on Dec 24, 2020 at 9:42pmPost by Uzuki on Jul 2, 2021 at 9:25amPost by Ezekiel on May 4, 2021 at 10:31pmPost by Uzuki on Apr 26, 2021 at 10:27amPost by Ezekiel on Apr 23, 2021 at 10:53pmPost by Uzuki on Mar 4, 2021 at 9:10amPost by Ezekiel on Mar 2, 2021 at 8:13pmPost by Charlie Mylphis on Feb 28, 2021 at 3:36amPost by Deleted on Feb 28, 2021 at 3:12amPost by Charlie Mylphis on Feb 27, 2021 at 11:51pmPost by Dirge on Feb 27, 2021 at 11:08pmPost by Charlie Mylphis on Feb 27, 2021 at 9:45pmPost by Dirge on Feb 27, 2021 at 6:56pmPost by Charlie Mylphis on Feb 26, 2021 at 12:43amPost by Dirge on Feb 25, 2021 at 5:15pmPost by Charlie Mylphis on Feb 25, 2021 at 12:42pmPost by Dirge on Feb 24, 2021 at 7:52pmPost by Charlie Mylphis on Feb 24, 2021 at 1:20amPost by Dirge on Feb 23, 2021 at 2:39pmPost by Charlie Mylphis on Feb 21, 2021 at 7:01pmPost by Dirge on Feb 21, 2021 at 5:28pmPost by Dirge on Feb 20, 2021 at 6:50pmPost by Lysander on Feb 20, 2019 at 4:04pmPost by Magustus Caesar on Feb 23, 2019 at 9:09pmPost by Lysander on Mar 11, 2019 at 2:30pmPost by Magustus Caesar on Apr 3, 2019 at 12:06amPost by Lysander on Apr 29, 2019 at 12:38pmPost by Magustus Caesar on Jul 30, 2019 at 2:59amPost by Yoshida on Feb 17, 2021 at 2:33amPost by Killiak on Feb 18, 2021 at 12:46amPost by Yoshida on Feb 27, 2021 at 5:00pmPost by Killiak on Mar 9, 2021 at 12:20amPost by Yoshida on Mar 11, 2021 at 5:11amPost by Killiak on Mar 13, 2021 at 1:40pmPost by Yoshida on Apr 21, 2021 at 8:21amPost by Killiak on Apr 23, 2021 at 6:23pmPost by Deleted on Dec 24, 2020 at 6:06pmPost by Deleted on Dec 24, 2020 at 6:08pmPost by Deleted on Dec 24, 2020 at 6:09pmPost by Deleted on Dec 27, 2020 at 5:34pmPost by KrysisKore on Jan 1, 2021 at 1:16pmPost by Deleted on Jan 9, 2021 at 2:14amআ Identification: Adell Illiandes Laemintonআ Referral Identity: Ctirad Lidefonso; Garyū Xআ Lineage: Eogazurd; Xeroxian [yefrem]আ Gender: Maleআ Birthdate: December 13th [?]আ Birthplace: Kingdom of Fabroliasআ Vocation: Dragon of ∞আ Tier: Cosmic. আ Class: Lord of Infinity. Both a legendary master of martial-arts, and an innovative mind of spiritualism, technology, and science. While he can be considered a god of the battlefield, it is his immense versatility and almost timeless experience that makes him, especially as a close quarters fighter, virtually suicidal. Some have considered him a master strategist, others a voracious behemoth of no discrimination, but he is most assuredly defined by his exploits through manipulation of the battlefield by using whatever it takes to secure victory— a testament to his timeless struggles against his greatest enemy: his own vanity. আ Title(s):— The God Dragon: The prince of dragons, future heir to the throne of cosmic serpents. Adorned by wisps of ivory — The Hero of Heaven: He who connected the heaven and earth, vanquishing darkness and saving countless worlds of the metaverse before his timely disappearance.— The God of the Battlefield: Wherever he shall step foot, nothing but destruction and chaos shall befall of his enemies. — The Lord of Infinity: He of whom holds time in the crux of his hand, an identity granted by his lineage and the blood of his celestial ancestors. — The Tenko [star]: Ruler of the Void, of which all is obscured in great mystery. — The First Star: Among the shimmering beacons of existence he is the first to be discovered, serpents of the cosmic that have persisted throughout infinity.— The Oathsworn: By the faith of the Celestial Emissary he is the vanguard of the eldritch truth for which Ludwig has promised his people. — The Lightning Tiger: A master of one of the Heavenly Five Paths, and a traditional martial-artist of legend. — The Nine-Arts Dragon: Champion of Shinmujengpe, master of all nine seats legendary technique, taken by force from Chun-Woo Han.— The Golden Tiger: Inheritor of the Platinum Tiger Hand, master of nature and most importantly, of self. — Third General of the Dove Army: The hidden strength of the Sky Kingdom, one who has unrivaled power. Adorned by the grace of Xaphistis. — The Flame Champion: Liberator of the plains and mountains, he came like a beacon of light to usher the people to freedom!— The Gambler: He who carries with him the darkness of all the stars, one of the greatest criminals ever known.— King of Champions: Champion of the 3rd Final Divide in a well-fought painstakingly tough battle to be the last one standing.— Creator of the Dragon's Gate: He who reached the summit of the world's martial prowess with an understanding unparalleled, a new understanding was forged.— Liberator of the Cosmic Road: Destroyer of Lord Lakutam the Dimensional Leech!— World Scholar: Across the stars he wanders, exploring new terrain, and learning more about the world, and himself.¬ power: Z¬ speed: A¬ toughness: A¬ versatility: C¬ range: B¬ potential: ???¬ archery: D¬ daggers: D¬ maces: D¬ firearms: B+¬ polearms: A+¬ staves: C+¬ swords: S+¬ unnarmed: Z¬ projectiles: B¬ whips: C+¬ shields: E¬ hammers: E¬ axes: D¬ air [psion -- ki]: B+¬ fire [rune -- ki]: A¬ water [psion -- ki]: C¬ earth [psion -- ki]: C¬ electricity [psion -- ki]: A¬ shadow [psion -- ki]: D¬ light [holy]: A¬ time* [space]: S¬ alchemy [transmutation]: E¬ psionics [non-elemental]: A¬ cosmic* [non-elemental]: S¬ planar*: S᳀ Height: 2.18 meters. ᳀ Weight: 383.73 kg.᳀ Skin: Sunkissed.᳀ Eyes: Cosmic. They embody the spectrum of the protean, ever-changing cosmos within.᳀ Hair: Ivory, indelible, it holds a mystical magnetism to the sky, standing as a tower atop his crown. While gentle zephyrs can come through its elegance it will always fall back to the same position of which it began. The sides of his head are faded with symbols of an ancient celestial language lost to time, that of which only careful studying can procure the meaning of. It isn't often that he changes the nature of his unorthodox hair; infact it has become an distinguishable characteristic that separates him from the ordinary. ᳀ Distinguishing Characteristics: Adell has grown to be a solar, eccentric representation of hope across many communities throughout the metaverse. When thinking of the ivory-haired sage, his eyes often come most's mind first— they are ethereal, heavenly, a microcosm of infinity resting within his very gaze that tell his story far better than his words can speak. His eyebrows are less memorable, but equally bizarre, darker than midnight, and thicker than the hair atop his crown, resembling that of an ancient monkey. Then there is his body, that of a limitless mesomorph. The immortal has taken physical competence and aptitude to a new height, and is equally recognized by being a hulking giant of unparalleled strength. With every step the gravity of his mass can shake even the most steeled, and can oftentimes in moments of asinine stakes threaten to rip through its own skin. ᳀ Image Library:Solemn contemplation.The evil within.Blood on the leaves.Stop trying to be God.You sure about this? [nsfw]᳀ Description: Towering over people, few would think that such a giant can move so swiftly and so silently, but there he goes, like a monolithic storm cloud, enveloping his enemy and with a sweep of his long arm with or without a weapon his foes are vanquished. Coming to a height of two and a quarter meters tall, few come to his height that bare resemblance of a “human being” and none half as wide. The mercenaries of yore would have had an almost impossible task clothing him (even as a child) were it not for the wealth bestowed upon them by his mentor, Larz. Sunkissed from years living underneath the embrace of the stars his complexion only serves to highlight the scars scattered across his body, visible most when channeling the esoteric through him, and hugging him as trophies of the past. A life of a hard road, and it has only become steeper as time has crawled onward ceaselessly. Despite his size, many would think that there is at least some fat or softness to be seen of felt on him, but this is not the case. He is as hard as stone, and perhaps even colder, his flesh only becoming warm in the heat of war, where passion lights his iridescent eyes and fury contorts his otherwise gentle features.He holds the trait of a Eogazurd[celestial] with the fully made boundless eyes that shimmer back whatever hits them as if a stoic, cosmic mirror. Many find it difficult to look into his royal, pure eyes. His hair, long and flowing like water, tapered across the sides and in the back, stands tall like a crown above his eyes and is a strange ivory. Reasons are debated why this is. Some say it is his dual-heritage. Others speculate that it is because he is a thing of shadow, and that the darkness has leeched all color from his hair. The reasons are varied. Tonelcius Maxima, prior to his death, exclaimed that he finally knew why the hair of his great friend was white, but departed before he could make the argument itself.He has a sharp face with perfect cheekbones and narrow eyes, as if he is pondering something quizzically or looking at something from afar that no one but him may see. He has full lips that rarely open to smile or even speak, but it is said that his teeth are even and white. Indeed, it seems that his entire face was etched from stone, immovable and as solid as creation and rarely does it more except to talk or smile when the mood strikes him, which is rare. His eyebrows are incredibly bushy and groomed to compliment his chiseled appearance by manner of his royal estate.What makes him even more unique are warped black tattoos that cover much of his body, even atop scars. These include a black tree with liquefied branches outstretched on his back, their branches turning into a spiritual ocean of varying iridescent shades. The seven black kanji marked along both shoulders, both knees, the back of his neck, and each of his hands, though mostly translucent, symbolize his discipline underneath the God Dragon school, though there is rumored to be a hidden eighth. A blue scroll reading in the lost language of Ur'xuran along his side represents a hidden message of the fallen people, perhaps a testament to his survival even in rebirth, and is said to only be perceptible by true followers of Katsujinken.Often those who meet him would think that he would possess a deep rumbling voice that could shake the very foundations of all. But they would be quickly proven wrong, for he speaks with a soft, melodious voice completely in contrast to his physique and a sign of true upbringing. Indeed, if you listen closely you can hear a very faint accent, one that has almost been completely eradicated.As a towering mountain of muscle and might he's only made larger by his professionally hand-crafted ivory suit. The suit, though simple and radiant, is laced with transient algorithmic signeturgy that only the sharpest senses could perceive. His undergarment a crisp baby blue shirt with a contrasting black tie that stands out from his achromatic slacks and lacquered white dress shoes. While his vestment itself is a powerful armor unbeknownst to most, he often finds himself removing the weighted coat and rolling up his sleeves to fashion a few of his many armaments within his arsenal.His face is somewhat harmless but apathetic looking, but there is steel beneath the soft stone visage; a warrior unbowed by his burdens. The weariness falls away; his very persona wielding power and strength like a hammer, grasping it tenaciously and furiously against all those that oppose him. Will you oppose him?᳀ Persona: He is the most intense, profound, and powerful character you will ever likely to meet. Even when he appears self-controlled and calm there is a seething intensity of emotional energy under the placid exterior. He is like the volcano not far under the surface of a calm sea, it may burst into eruption at any moment. But those of us who are particularly perceptive will be aware of the harnessed aggression, the immense forcefulness, magnetic intensity, and often strangely hypnotic personality under the tranquil, but watchful composure of Adell. In conventional social gatherings he is pleasant to be with, thoughtful in conversation, dignified, and reserved, yet affable and courteous; although at times his eyes appear penetrating which make his shyer companions feel naked and defenseless before him.In his everyday behavior he gives the appearance of being withdrawn from the center of activity, yet those who know him will recognize the watchfulness that is part of his character. He has great self-discipline, because he is able to recognize the qualities in himself that makes him different from other humans, and to know his utterly conventional nature can be used for great good, or great evil. His tenacity and willpower are immense, his depth of character and passionate conviction overwhelming, yet he is deeply sensitive and easily moved by his emotions. His sensitivity, together with a propensity for extreme likes and dislikes makes him easily hurt, quick to detect insult or injury to him and easily aroused to ferocious anger. This may express itself in such destructive speech or action that he makes lifelong enemies by his outspokenness, for he finds it difficult not to be overly critical of anything or anyone to whom he takes a dislike.He harnesses his abundant energy constructively, tempering his self-confidence with shrewdness and his ambition with magnanimity toward others provided he likes them. He relates to fellow warriors only as leaders and can be blunt to those he dislikes to the point of cruelty. In fact he is not above expressing vindictiveness in deliberate cruelty. He is too demanding, too unforgiving of faults in others, perhaps because he is not aware of the shortcomings within himself, and extravagantly expresses his self-disgust in unreasonable resentment against his fellows. He does, however, make an excellent friend, provided that his companions do nothing to impugn the honor of which Adell is very jealous. Part of his negative side of is a tendency to discard friends once they cease to be useful, but he is aware of this, and fights this tendency.In a word, this man is invincible, but flawed. Just behind his frosty reserve is a huge pot of boiling steam that bubbles and seethes continually. If you're lucky, he'll keep the lid on tight for a lifetime, but a deep injury can blow it right off with a brilliant explosion. It's kind of fascinating to watch...if you're not in its direct line of destruction. Step aside, if you feel it coming. And don't do anything to cause it yourself.᳀ Philosophy: “We are what we repeatedly do. Excellence, then, is not an act, but a habit.” Adell believes in practice of intelligence, spirit, and will beyond all else. While many of his ideals and beliefs have changed throughout the thousands of years since his last waking memories, the one thing he believes in most is perpetual execution. Even once something becomes a habit should it be repeated consciously even beyond the point of instinct, for immortals often lose memories and parts of themselves through the years that have become infinite, and only by constant reminder everyday to ceaselessly execute than this be prevented.The scholar also has a radical yet investigative view of the world, and God themselves. Firstly, Adell believes that God is not a being, as this limits its relations to others and thus contradicts the idea of it being an infinite, omnipresent, omniscient entity. Finite beings fail to be encompassing of reality as possible because what finite beings are is wholly rooted in their relations to other such finite beings or finite things. If there was, however, something that depended solely on itself and itself only to make it what it was, then by default it would be more fully itself and more fully real as itself. This, alongside the dissolution of rooting the reality of self to a hypothetical possibility helps solidify what an ancient philosopher before the ivory-haired scholar called the the wavelength of god. “If there is a higher degree of reality that goes with being self-determining (and thus real as oneself), and if we ourselves do in fact achieve greater self-determination at some times than we achieve at other times, then it seems that we’re familiar in our own experience with some of the higher degree of reality that we associate with God. Perhaps we aren’t often aware of the highest degree of this reality, or the sum of all of this reality, which would be God himself (herself, etc.). But we are aware of some of it – as the way in which we ourselves seem to be more fully present, more fully real, when instead of just letting ourselves be driven by whatever desires we currently feel, we ask ourselves what would be best overall. We’re more fully real, in such a case, because we ourselves are playing a more active role, through thought, than we play when we simply let ourselves be driven by our current desires.What is God, then? God is the fullest reality, achieved through the self-determination of everything that’s capable of any kind or degree of self-determination. Thus God emerges out of beings of limited reality, including ourselves.”— Ten Wise Men: Ten scientists of Elysium dedicated to conceptualizing and preserving the truth.— The Nibiru Alliance: Galactic government comprising of several hundred planets under the rule of the Praetorium. — The Pandemonium Knights: Scions of Beramode Pendragon of whom he possesses a complicated relationship with.— The Babel Corporation: Business partners working in unison with Nibiru's Havoc Enterprises to make the highest quality technology possible. — The Multiverse Combat Association: ex-Master Judge of metaversal affairs and battles to ensure they abide by the laws of the primogenitor. আ Name: The Maldieter Cetiআ Class: Other.আ Information: The Maldieter Ceti is a metatemporal biological supercomputer existing within the aggregated demi-plane of Adell himself. It manifests itself as an empyrean gold city fluctuating as a mirage that spreads across all of any existence that surrounds it, a mysterious albeit existential technology originally founded by the very ancients that are The God Dragon's ancestors, a FATE (Future Altering Time-Entity) that has since lost the puissance of its original construction before the concords of time were finalized by the higher dimensional race Eogazurd, known as ancients to human beings. The soul program exists as a conduit for which The God Dragon is able to interface with the world around him on a level that would be otherwise impossible. It by itself unlike the other array of Artifice that exist between the boundary of the higher and lower domain cannot be "piloted" or "inhabited", outright prohibiting the idea with thousands of conventional and unconventional forlorn seals that act as a cage to protect it from the world— but most importantly, the world from it. By itself it has no personal offensive capabilities, and while it possesses a multitude of higher dimensional defensive features, there's no exact answer for just how powerful it is. Created by veritable "gods", it exists as a testament of their will and a system for which they could act upon the lower domain or the material world. By utilizing The Maldieter Ceti, Adell can invoke a wave energy known as U-DO through means of Lemegeton, which act as the conveyance of words to universal action. It can only be interfaced with by those programmed within the Artifice itself as the contact much the same as the energy in its esoteric form. Acting as the unofficial conduit between the Wave Existence of celestials (U-DO) and as a failsafe to prevent the collapse of the dimensional lines separating worlds, it is the strongest of Artifice and is capable of being connected with subconsciously by any who have direct access to the Conduit/Source itself, or the higher-domain. Adell as the king of dragons with the blood of Eogazurd coursing through his veins is but one of the few who can command the U-DO with help of the Artifice, as was something previously seen by very few others that he has made contact with in his travels. Lemegeton's function gives him almost unparalleled access to the Wave Existence and is something that he currently lacks the ability to summon at will and is only interfaced under very set circumstances.The Maldieter Ceti is not originally the Artifice of The God Dragon but one of which he can communicate and control with the blood of Bahamut and of the celestial within him. This was allowed to transpire after he became the The Eternal Contact, devouring Zandakar Laemington who was created to control the Artifice and do the bidding of the higher domain. The exact power of what The Wave Existence is capable of, and the capabilities of the limitless energy is hard to imagine or quantify, as very few have seen it. আ Name: The Violet Rage: Ophionআ Class: Other.আ Information: Resembling a snake-like serpent of biological and mechanical components Ophion is one of the many Artifices controllable by those who have made contact with the Wave Existence or U-DO. Discounting the sheer density and the thousands of meters worth of ground that the computer controls, able to release beams of high-pressure ether that targets the structures of all atomic structures within its path, capable of assimilating the bonds into super-heated thermal energy, alongside a plethora of other defensive and offensive resources, Ophion's computational ability throughout the metaverse is even more bizarre than its existence. Using Ophion he can manipulate the elements surrounding him on a cosmic scale, stirring astral storms, solar fires, and cataclysmic eruptions through any of the preexisting elements by using Ophion's Laplace Computer. Twisting the chords of causality and chaos the wielder of the Artifice can engulf the world about them in a cursed existence of rampaging elements by activating the Laplace Computer even if Ophion is in the higher domain.আ Name: The Xeraxes Artifice.আ Class: Other.আ Information: In the various dimensions beyond understanding the cosmic serpent were born of the desires of the celestials as biological Artifices capable of acting upon their own will but inherently controlled by the divine will of their creators. Many have been born since, mostly biological such as the nature associated with The King of Dragons, Bahamut, but others such as Ophion losing all sense of will and becoming tools to those with a greater will. Adell Illiandes Laemington is no exception as he bears the blood of the astral dragons themselves. Although burdened by his usual physical form he has discovered that there are a multitude of limiters placed between the human form (those created in the image of celestials) and his full dragon form, a biological appearance that he has come to know as the Xeraxes Artifice. It is said to be iridescent, radiant, and ever-changing with power befitting of the prince of all cosmic serpent, and unfathomable power. The Xeraxes Artifice (his true dragonic form) is locked behind several stages of smaller variations each with their own pros and cons, but the Xeraxes Artifice itself is said to be the pinnacle of Adell's true power. What exactly it is capable of is a mystery, but he is said to have long since surpassed the power of his his father, and even his surrounding ancestors, making him perhaps the strongest dragon to have ever existed. আ Name: The Rune of Punishment.আ Class: Other.আ Information: The Rune of Punishment governs atonement and forgiveness, attaching itself to a users body and soul. The ancient rune is supposedly the deadliest rune among all the twenty-seven True Runes. While it is still believed that the Rune of Punishment will grant standard True Rune abilities such as agelessness; there is no record of any of its previous bearers surviving long enough for this to be an issue. Through millennia the vengeful rune has continued its cycle of life and death, devouring the life of those prior, many famed heroes, and others maddened villains usurped by their own malicious desires. The previous owner; Lazlo cautioned to the divine dragon that while it had entered its forgiveness phase, one that would not devour him due to the miracle of their transgressions prior, that it was still the most dangerous of all. Thus, rather than leaving it in the world where it could seek another victim, the King of Fabrolias took it upon himself, viewing only his own infinite soul as the only true place where the rune could live in a twisted parasitic relationship with himself for all of eternity. Of all who were devoured prior, there was one contrast between him and they that changed the circumstances of the affliction itself. Lineage.Mutations brought through meditation and metaphysical alteration of the rune itself has changed the power and the methodology of the devouring power itself. After eating the Rune of Condemnation left behind by Kaneda, it transmogrified; and became a far more purposeful weapon than ever before. Now, by sustaining mental, physical, spiritual, or willful damage, he can channel the anguish and pain of the afflictions into the Rune of Punishment, denoting a charge reminiscent of a preparation. The more damage that is sustained, the more power that the Rune of Punishment grows, and can be released into two forms: the first being the augmentation of one statistical attribute, strength, speed, reflexes, or toughness— and the other being concentrated blasts of atrophy, crimson, that can assimilate atomic bonds into thermal energy and cause anything it touches to explode virtually on impact, which can also very possibly create a chain reaction of explosions. This is a burden, but also a defense mechanism, so that as a battle continues onward and more damage is sustained, that he isn't left completely disadvantaged or his back against the wall.আ Name: True Fire Rune.আ Class: Other.আ Information: The True Fire Rune is a true rune of the Rune of Beginning that governs fire, much like his other rune governs punishment. Once hidden in the depths of the One Temple it was researched, discovered, and stolen by the “Fire Bringer” where it was then used to fight in great battles against oppressive forces of enemies seeking to lay siege to freedom. After it was released from the “Flame Champion” wishing to be free of its destiny, it went through a twisted, convoluted history of events, where it subsequently became the power wielded by the hero of tales, and then once again faded into obscurity. Throughout the years of infinity, it was once again placed in a temple of worship, until it then disappeared. While none knew where, it had already left the cosmos and was within the hands of one most capable: The God Dragon. This rune, however, contradicts its purpose for a reason that supersedes what it was initially intended for. burning the esoteric like paper into it, allowing the flames to grow in power. While only able to be materialized by way of hand, they can grow and become an entire battlefield of scorching fire by weigh of devouring ether, psi, mana, or other energies that defyPlaced on the inside of Adell's right and left palm, two pieces of each rune, it's able to call upon immolating flames that are capable of devouring the esoteric like paper into it, allowing the flames to grow in power. While only able to be materialized by way of the physical body, they can grow and become an entire battlefield of scorching fire by weigh of devouring ether, psi, mana, or anything else powered by the unrealistic. The flames however are uncontrollable once they leave Adell's physical body and can subsequently burn his own attacks as well should he choose to channel chi or anything esoteric into the world thereafter. আ Name: Legendary Simgichehon.আ Class: Other.আ Information: An absolute phenomenon in the mastery of mind, breath, body, and soul. With unbreakable balance he has proven himself to be of a peerless category as a specimen, not human, although his appearance mimics otherwise. His mind can simultaneously compile millions of calculations in a fraction of a millisecond, his breath/ki is insurmountable and could fill the ocean of a spiritual sea with the raw volume and magnitude of the seething energy, his body has proven to be able to withstand quintillions worth of joules in rare situations, and his willpower or soul is the utmost impressive of it all. Throughout any circumstances there is no part of him that he does not have absolute mastery of control over, and that cannot be resilient in the most dire of circumstances. It is only by having such incredible balance and mastery of self that he is able to use his techniques and knowledge to their utmost potential. Hayato Furinji suggested that it is only because Adell is something not human, that he is able to create such synchronized harmony in all aspects of self, something that not even the most basic form of nature is capable of doing. This has earned him a title that only a handful throughout the cosmos have been given, Legendary Master. আ Name: Do [The Way]আ Class: Other.আ Information: From the precipice of the mind and complete understanding of martial-arts comes a mythical road, the convergence of all knowledge and spiritual understanding that allows the mind to open up to a point of zen. Do is considered to be the pinnacle of close quarters combat mastery: one part philosophy, one part martial art, and is that of which only few have been able to perceive let alone master. By mastering every technique or overlapping discipline of techniques an almost complete understanding of it all converges on the mind and opens up complete combat enlightenment. Do in and of itself takes from everything before it and at the same time is its own entity, creating a methodology where those who use it simply understand and know the exact place to position themselves, the right maneuvers to execute and the right amount of force to exert at all times. The Doist has learned from his lifetime of martial arts study how to act in the least exhaustive, most effective way at all times. It has been said that Doists seldom look like they are really doing anything at all. Their movements are almost supernaturally graceful and it never seems as if they are exerting themselves in combat. They are strangely peaceful and always aware of their surroundings. Few legendary masters have been able to comprehend and understand Do's existence, but of them all from the world of which it was chronicled, only Adell has been able to cultivate and hone it over several hundred millennia. আ Name: The Dragon's Gate.আ Class: Training.আ Information: Hayato Furinji of the Seven Ogetsuhime once wrote a thesis of both science and martial-arts, one that chronicled the theoretical boundaries that separate the world, the spiritual world, and the dozens of other dimensional divides that all intricately blended into one another. To reach or interact with them, he theorized that a bridge would need to be accessed and a gateway unlocked, and so the name he personally gave to the phenomenon was The Dragon's Gate. In his research he detailed that everyone born was different with a bridge and gateway that would give access to a different finite reality, however it remained nothing more than a theory because no one in the world, or even in the worlds he had been apart of, had ever been able to reach it. Only someone who possessed a level of balance beyond all others, with a profound understanding of all martial-arts could— in essence a genius of both martial-arts and mind, would ever be able to comprehend or reach this place. Years after he refined the theory often hinted at by many others throughout human history, one finally reached the summit, forcing open a once unseen path of discovery that would give about a drastic change in his own ways. To the old he was Tetsuo, but to those who would later learn his name, and witness his fury: Adell Laemington, The God Dragon. While there are many names for it the Grand Master of the Zenoushka-Ryu has simply referred to it as the Dragon's Gate. It is the complete, ultimate flow of all motion throughout the cosmos behind the door of understanding for which one is capable of invoking, absorbing, and redirecting the acceleration of mass with ease, able to command the stunning measurement of joules in a breadth's moment.The Dragon's Gate that Adell possesses is the gateway to all motion throughout existence and is said to be a sacred place that cannot be reached, let alone interacted with, atleast by a human being. Using the Dragon's Gate can give The God Dragon utterly ridiculous feats of perceived strength, utterly shattering limits that may have been there once before. While the scientific reasoning behind it is unknown, and Adell's surprising usage of it is just as shrouded in mystery, the physical energy is capable of effecting it's surroundings even without a medium such as air, acting to push or impose it's power in the hands of it's wielder. Due to its existence that is found within oneself, rather than in a particular place, it is unaffected by abilities that sever connections and after reinforcement through the battle with Beramode Pendragon in Ragnarok, is unable to be broken on impact, and instead will only reflect what targets it back at the individual themselves. আ Name: “The Five Forms of Heaven's Will”আ Class: Training.আ Information: Developed exclusively by The God Dragon to be utilized in conjunction with The Dragon's Gate, The Five Forms of Heaven's Will or The Heavenly Way School is a unique discipline that takes advantage of the limitless kinetic potential within The Dragon's Gate and the preternatural physiology of an immortal capable of withstanding the recoil behind such power. After his timely disappearance from the cosmos Adell spent several thousand years within Celestia convening with the monks of various sect and religions to find the one truth of the world. There were many conflicting ideologies as he wandered the mountain of temples and cities, spiritual entities each giving a piece of the overarching concept of his own understanding throughout. After reaching the altar, the chance to commune with the fallen celestials and creators of many a world helped to expand his knowledge of both the metaphysical and the nuanced existence of The Dragon's Gate in relation to his own existence as a soul both draconic and elysian. In doing so, he fell into an astral meditative state resembling a coma within the plane, creating a reality for which he was able to live within his own imagination while simultaneously learning more about his power. The Heavenly Way School was developed in this unknown period of time. Comprised of principles from a multitude of spiritual martial arts such as Tai Chi, Renewal, and One Moon, there are five diverse tiers within the regimen that allow for intricate usage of The Dragon's Gate within and beyond its limits in the hands of The God Dragon. Even since the development of the artform he's never used it beyond his battles with fiends that would wield cosmic power, and it's said that while The Zenoushka-Ryu is the most powerful conventional martial arts capable of being learned and mastered over thousands of years, that The Heavenly Way is by far the most powerful discipline Adell possesses. Many have attempted to emulate, discern, and predict it— in vanity, finding themselves felled by an insurmountable powerful much like a flame that cannot be extinguished. The power of the school, and Adell, grows with usage of it in combat in real-time, and exists as a white flame that burns brighter and brighter to touch. Within his heart's world there are few disciples in the form of Aspects that exist only to further their own ambitions alongside the style itself, but their names and who they are remain a mystery as they are presumably pieces of The God Dragon himself.  The First Chakra (Throne) ᗈ ???The Second Chakra (Lordship) ᗈ ???The Third Chakra (Sovereignty) ᗈ ??? The Fourth Chakra (Lemniscate) ᗈ ???The Forbidden Chakra (Avogenesis) ᗈ ??? আ Name: The Zenoushka-Ryu.আ Class: Training.আ Information: The God Dragon School is the preternatural discipline less of a particular martial-art, and more of an understanding of many in their multitude. It is, essentially, the culmination of all martial arts before, and after it, utilizing what it will eventually see into it. A hybrid-martial art discipline that supersedes others, the Zenoushka-Ryu is thought to be the pinnacle of Simgichehon's capabilities, unable to be achieved by an ordinary human. Generations of knowledge from the art of Tenchi-Mushin Ryuu, Soseondang's Flying Flash Sword, the Ogame-Ryuu, Welkin Lightning, the North Star School, the Strong Dragon School, and The Furinji School. To master them physically, mentally, within will, and within the imprint of one's ki itself was thought to be impossible, which was the basis of the school's founding. After The Ogetsuhime left the side of Emperor Masashi far descended through his madness, they created an art impossible to master, one that would become a lifestyle where the roads could theoretically converge to give one a complete understanding of ones self, the world, and all life. Hayato remarked that this phenomenon was known as Do (not to be confused with Dou) which was the one, true, only way of complete mastery that no legendary mastery including himself had been able to master. The end result was many disciples that sought to learn, but none who did not die through asinine exertion, ridiculous conditions of learning, or from time itself...that is, other than one. The blight of Murim itself of which The Ogetsuhime could have never known would be an omen to the future of the world. Seeking retribution they trained him and believed in his benevolence...until he emerged as The God Dragon, the one true evil in the world not named Emperor Masashi. While the techniques of the school are important, moreso is the principles for which the techniques are made possible. The Seven Kata of the Divine, inherited from the ancient unnamed monk of past for which all martial arts were inherently based upon, but faded into obscurity thereafter. It is said that though he developed it to fight nature, that it was only after he had met an otherworldly force for which departed its knowledge onto him from its tales of battle that such was developed. Only The Ogetsuhime were able to retain the truth of this legendary arts abilities, each of them specializing in one or the other. The Zenoushka-Ryu mastery is complete and total mastery of them all. Shave: The Art of BlitzPongze: The Art of DestructionJingenken: The Art of GiBaijuli: The Art of PenetrationTiankong: The Art of SkyYangan: The Soul's EyeFengyan: The Art of Breeze✡ Shave ᗈ “Known as the "Art of Blitz", Shave abuses a speed beyond the rate of energy transference to achieve near teleportational jumps. Practitioners toil for centuries simply jumping with increasing altitudes until their body can withstand the force of landing from a height that can touch the clouds. At which point users must toil for millenniums learning to jump with a change of zero altitudes while retaining the same leap strength that can reach the clouds or less for a weaker basic mastery. Proper execution of Shave is first acquired when the user can invoke ten jumps before their body burst forth with the collected speed of all ten. Directing the burst speed in combat whose range is usually maxed at a couple hundred meters, Shave becomes almost instantaneous often perceived to be a form of teleportation. Those who force the technique without proper training, however, will shred their own muscles and collide with uncontrollable speeds any obstruction incapacitating their body if not destroying it by the impact and the sonic boom.”✡ Pongze ᗈ “Known also as 'The Art of Destruction', Pongze abuses Zenoushka's impossible strength and natural laws to obliterate any physical objects that it strikes. Newton's Third Law, Action Reaction, states that for every action on an object and equal and opposite force will be applied as reaction. When this resistance surpass its limits, however, the object will break. Pongze strikes with a force exactly equaling an object's maximum leaving a minute fragment of time of zero resistance. Then, with a strike instantaneously, the full power of the second blow will shatter any object like sand regardless of its original strength. Those who force the technique without proper training, however, destroys their own fist having overcame by the object instead.”✡ Baijuli ᗈ “Known also as 'The Art of Penetration', Baijuli holds its ideal form bidding users train even the fingers with the capability to pierce through metal. By the same efforts, Baijuli allows users to invoke the sonic boom and subsequently the N-wave without energy based assistance. These booms, while powerful offensively able to rip even deuranium at point blank range, serve defensively able to destroy all forms of ranged attacks by its penetrative wave like properties. Those who force the technique without proper training, however, will destroy their fingers at the point of impact or shred their own limb by the sheer destructive power of the booms.”✡ Tiankong ᗈ “Known also as 'The Art of Sky', Tiankong utilizes all 'speed', 'strength' 'form' and 'technique' to achieve aerial mobility. Users toil for centuries simply running on solid ground to gain speed enough to create at minimum seven high density clones, by mere speed, each able to strike with force identical to the original. Training continues for another millennium to dash with enough speed and strength per step to run over water. Finally, practitioners press beyond believable limits inducing a sound barrier per step to run over thin air with mobility speeds long surpassing mach one able to translate each mastery not only in dash but also in jump. Those forcing the technique without proper training, however, will shred their own body inflicting heavy damage, if not death, by the sonic boom induced when breaking the sound barrier.”✡ Yangan ᗈ “Known also as 'The Soul Eye', Yangan of the Seven is an essential fragment of the Zenoushka-Ryu style giving its users in depth insights to the world around them. Practitioners of the art train for untold generations to attune their senses maximizing their capability to hear the tinniest muscle contracts, to smell the weakest of odor, to feel the smallest vibration and to see the finest of details. As mastery blossoms, users force open other non-conventional senses, numbering seventy-seven, making it impossible to hide or deceive Zenoushka users by stealth, by walls, by speed, by illusions or even by supernatural attempts. Overloading the senses in any capacity is futile due to stringent training of the biology. Depending on the user and their discipline, various skills and perceptive abilities are incorporated to further the Kata. Those who force the technique without proper training, however, will ruin their senses overloading the brain and sensory abilities with stimuli leading to an instant coma and eventually death.”✡ Fengyan ᗈ “Known also as 'The Art of Breeze', Fengyan utilize 'form' and 'strength' to invoke sharp cutting winds. Training begins by waving a wind to quell candle flames and progresses for millenniums honing the proper form till a swing of leg or a poke from a finger carries enough strength to invoke a flying blade of air able to cut through steel, and eventually deuranium. With proper mastery, every strike including even blade clashing will generate the piercing Fengyan. The blunt Fengyan, on the contrary, deals impact crushing even steel armory with extended impact radius. Those forcing the technique without proper training, however, will rip their muscles tissues making it useless for combat.”✡ Jingenken ᗈ “Also known as the 'Art of Gi/Ki', Jingenken holds the ability to fully command one's own body and can almost be described as the summation of the many forms. From voluntary to involuntary control, from chi to mana to aura manipulation, the art is the most difficult to master but respectively is the most powerful of the seven. The concentration of ki often allows for physical enhancement including increased speed, strength, regeneration and defense to the point of easily blocking blades and shattering steel. The amount of ki and the technique of application are often a prime focus for martial artists regardless of the form they practice.Advanced techniques often require mental projections to focus and manipulate the ki's form. With the application of different techniques it is possible to create 'the elements' without the use of magic and is often deemed the elemental dragon forms depending on the branch of Jingenken practiced. Though these are different than the magical elements they do carry similarities and are often used in a more effective manner when paired with Zenoushka-Ryu's combat style. Over the generations Adell Illiandes Laemington has mastered over a thousand techniques including the forms of the elemental dragons as well as hyperresonance. His knowledge grew and understood and made use of the similarity of the ki, mana and aura that Jingenken controls. His ability to manipulate ki has advanced to the point of harmonizing with nature and overcoming the clash between opposing elements such as Sei and Dou ki. Those that have been seen and used to date are listed below.“Lion Howl: This technique is one of the secret arts of the Sound Dragon fighting style. As one of the many moves developed by martial artists, this skill was originally used by a man with the title 'Golden Lion King'. As the name suggests the technique carries a certain resemblance to that of a true lion's howl. The difference lies in the injection of ki (sei) designed to damage the brain and vestibular system. Although it has other applications, Lion Howl is most often used to stun the enemy.”“Arctic Deliverance: The technique is one of the secret arts of the Ice Dragon fighting style. Users of this branch of Jingenken are often found to be more calm and articulate due to the requirements of the techniques. By draining nature's ki, and thus its kinetic energy, it is possible to freeze the target on a molecular level. The extra chi is often used to protect the user body allowing the user to freeze the opponents without inflicting harm to their own self.”“Thunder Break: The technique is one of the secret arts of the Thunder Dragon fighting style. While most of the other elemental dragon forms are based on only one of the Sei or Dou ki, the Thunder Dragon techniques are based a lot more heavily upon conjugating the two charges and clashing the two chi mass to create electricity based attacks to paralyze the opponent in more ways than one. Due to the nature of the technique purer ki, and dual ki, is often a heavy focus of the style.”“Apollo's Wrath: This technique is one of the secret arts of the Fire Dragon fighting style. Where the Ice Dragon fighting style is based on the manipulation of Sei ki the Fire Dragon fighting style is based much more on collisions of Dou ki. By forcing specific currents in one's ki the user forces their ki to clash against each other creating high friction and, consequently, flames to sear through the opponent or ones self. ”“Deimo Pulmus: This technique is one of the secret arts of the Void Dragon fighting style. While similar to the other elemental dragons in its ability to 'summon the element' the Void Dragon is often deemed superior to the other dragons due to the impossible feats that it can achieve. With Deimo Pulmus, a special form of hyperresonance is created using ki to disturb the fabrics of space. While this technique is used most often as a shield it does have many applications such as ranged or melee AOE attacks.”“Feline Claw: This technique is one of the secret arts of the Wind Dragon fighting style. Amongst the elemental dragons the Wind Dragon is the only one that openly throws ki as its primary source of offense. By concentrating one's ki at the tips of the finger the user can then send it out via slash as a type of 'wind blade' to cut through the enemy at long distances. While considered foolish by the manner which it depletes the user's ki the secret of the art actually harmonizes with nature's ki and uses the original concentration as a medium for the projectile. The harmonization also permits for what appears to be wind control and is considered to most resemble magic.”“Stone Body: This technique is one of the secret arts of the Earth Dragon fighting style. The stone body technique is different from the other dragon techniques in that it does not produce fancy display such as that of fire or wind. Conversely, the Earth Dragon's technique focuses much more on saturating one's ki on the skin with special current flows to disperse energy and scatter resistance. While the technique is activated the color hue of the body is often dried to a stone gray thus acquiring the title Stone Body. A major drawback for young masters is that by concentrating enough ki to create the stone body they lack resources amplify their other physical capabilities rendering them slower than the other dragons.”“Marine Flare: This technique is one of the secret arts of the Water Dragon fighting style. It is said that water is a universal reactant and is an element most critical for living things. With its fluidity and its versatile capability water is actually a powerful medium for channeling ki. The Marine Flare is a technique which drives ki into water and using it as a powerful cannon capable of blasting holes in heavy armored tanks. While not as manipulative as the Wind Dragon's harmonization, the instantaneous ki in blast out sequence remains a powerful combat capability.”“Shadow Bind: This technique is one of the secret arts of the Shadow Dragon fighting style. While the other elemental dragons focus on damage and efficiency the Shadow Dragon has a unique view of handicapping the opponent. By injecting ki and compressing the opponent's nervous system it is possible to block the electric signal rendering them immobile. Advanced users often use various pressure techniques and target even the other, such as ki and mana circuits of their opponents.”“Elementary Power: This is arguably the simplest of techniques amongst all the dragon forms. By operating with the raw forms of ki various effects can be achieved. The simplest include increase in speed, strength, defense and regeneration whose enhancement level is dictated by the skill of the user and the amount of ki they put in. In the basics of manipulation it is possible to allow a human body to be impervious to blade strikes in defense or to lift tanks with a single finger in strength. Another usage is that by release ki as kinetic wave it is possible to create something similar to a telekinetic attack, an invisible force that simply strikes the opponent. While simple to use it can be lethal to the victims depending on the method of application. While high concentration of ki can destroy tanks and airships with ease users should be careful of their own ki quantity as elementary power tends to be less efficient in than the other dragon forms in its input output efficiency rate.”“C. Laser: This technique is one of the secret arts of the Light Dragon fighting style. Of the dragon forms this technique is one of the more fancy forms. By concentrating ki, with the Light Dragon's technique, in a location in space it is possible to incite light and fire it at the opponent in the form of laser. Its advantage over the other dragon forms is that the laser can be fired from anywhere and can be used as many times as the user desires. Lasers from adept users can cut through steel and bone alike on contact.”Of the raw disciplines amalgamated into the Zenoushka-Ryu, the Soseondang's Flying Flash Sword and Ogame-Ryu encompass the limitless knowledge of swordsmanship, one as a principle of swordsmanship, the other a library of personal techniques. While the Ogame-Ryu relies on the creation and execution of several strategic techniques developed by ones self, the Sosedang's Flying Flash Sword is but a mere mantra for which many of the talents of The Seven Divine Kata can manifest themselves. Below are techniques that can be used in combination with the bukijutsu of the Ogame-Ryu, or the refined discipline of the Soseondang's Flying Flash Sword to achieve optimal results in an exchange of blades.❂ Tremor Edge: “Tracing its roots from the Seven Divine Kata, Jingenken, this skill allows the dullest blades to cut deuranium and often bypasses sword parries. By concentrating ki into the hand the skill is able to vibrate the edge causing every strike to multiply in both quantity and quality. Depending on the user's skill level it is possible to land three slashes with a single strike or a thousand slashes depending on the frequency of the vibration.“❂ Void Edge: “This skill was developed similar to Tremor Edge. By channeling one's ki into the nervous system of the arm it is possible to send just that limb into an incredible berserk mode. The skill relies on the control of the berserk arm to create blade strikes of unrealistic speeds making the blade seem as if it never left its resting place or simply an invisible edge.”❂ Air Edge: “This skill was a technique learned later through development of Ogame-Ryu. By striking the boundary between two pressing auras it is possible to collapse the equilibrium and capture the full force of both auras into a powerful current flowing into the scar of the opponent's aura. The force then manifests visibly as a blast capable of destroying armies with a single strike shredding steel and bones with relative ease. Stronger opponents or bigger groups of enemies will allow for stronger blasts.”❂ Attraction Edge: “The skill is likely the simplest of the personal blade technique augmentations. By coating the blade with ki it is possible to create a 'sticky' effect. While it has no offensive power the move can instantly grapple the target on contact. This is a move developed as an application of elementary power.”❂ Penetration Edge: “The skill derives from a proper control of elementary power. By utilizing ki itself to hold the blade, usually a layer between the handle and the hand, it is possible to spin the ki and, subsequently, causes the blade to spin like that of a drill.”❂ Maddening Edge: “This technique drives forward thin sheets of chi described possibly as ribbons or otherwise as a thousand blades shooting forward for an AOE attack. Due to the nature of the attack the ki ribbons can bend and twist depending on the control mastery of the user. This skill is used most often against multiple enemies and is most effective against crowded armies. An essential to the Flying Flash Sword's ultimate technique.”❂ Dilapidation Edge: “While all existence carry ki, known also as 'breath' in the original language, the quantities of ki vary from object to object and even section to section of the same item. By reading and understanding the concentration of ki it is possible to find the point of weakest link and cleave through the entire object with it like achilies' heel. This technique is used often on inanimate objects more than living things. As the ki in living things flow it becomes increasingly difficult to strike at the correct point especially against masters of the chi. Against those who cannot use ki, however, the task becomes almost too simple especially for masters.”❂ Specter Edge: “While most other blade techniques actually require a blade to perform, Specter Edge is of the fewer skills able to be performed even without a blade in hand. By extending ki beyond one's body the user is then able to create invisible blades to both block or attack enemy attacks as though a ghost samurai or some telekinetic power is protecting the user. This skill is also a requirement for Infinity Demon Edge.”❂ Infinity Demon Edge: “One of the more advanced sword techniques. By pushing one's speed to a frightening level the user makes a total of a sixteen thousand three hundred eighty four stabs in a fraction of a split second. The stabs are also supported by the constant release of Specter Edge, Maddening Edge, Dilapidation Edge and is able to fully destroy any material into particles finer than dust. The skill is named because the last image the victim sees is often that of an insurmountable, nameless demon (suggesting its roots in Gedo). A direct hit will cause the victim to leave behind only a pile of dust in place of their carcass, striking them into nothingness on an atomic level.”আ Name: The Purachintora-Ken.আ Class: Training.আ Information: While the monks would spread the gospel of the cosmos through their understanding of themselves and the best way to combat things beyond their usual limits, there existed those who disagreed with their methodology entirely. The structure, the order, the politics that would soon follow, the incessant beliefs of human beings and the concepts they attached to all things was a nuisance to a select few. The primal, instinctive urges of man to beast was far stronger than they could resist. Instead they trained to the highest limits of physical and spiritual power, seeking not to create a civilization of order, but to instead to grow stronger and walk their own paths without hesitation or real thought. The strongest of them would eventually encounter the supreme one, king of the forests himself, Byakko, a being of insurmountable power and authority throughout the wilderness and the reasoning for the monks founding of martial arts themselves. Rather than walk the feeble path of civilization, Yotei took his hand to Byakko, and thus began the vicious cycle of their primitive battle. It was through this that Yotei would watch the power of Byakko manifest and learn through their perpetual battles the true power of self and the methods which had made him the king of nature. Three years would pass before Byakko was declared dead. Those closest to Yotei knew he had merely disappeared, dissolving from the world as he had passed on all of the ancient knowledge he had left. To the woods, and to those within Murim however, he had taken the throne, the first human being to ever rule the forest. So was The Platinum Tiger Hand born, the strongest solitary martial-art (excluding the hybrid library of the God Dragon discipline) and more powerful than even The Heaven's Riches themselves. The Platinum Tiger Hand emphasizes esoteric manipulation of presence and qi to achieve deceptive feats of destruction. Emphasizing the instinctual folding of Sei qi, it is actually a most unusual art form. While it uses the more passive, withdrawn half of the Dou and Sei symmetry, it requires an unrealistic amount of qi to be utilized properly. The input to output rate of the art itself is quite dangerous and makes it impossible for a regular human being to master beyond simply being adept. Yotei himself, being the first master, would eventually pass it on to The God Dragon and The Venomous Viper, neither of whom would frequent the art much due to having their own preferred methods of combat. Using it requires an incredible understanding of molding qi to the intended physical effect before execution. Rather than being broken down into divided categories, it is actually a discipline with hundreds of techniques emphasizing movement, offensive, and defensive capabilities. Deeply associated with the usage of Elementary Power from The Zenoushka-Ryu, although inherently more orthodox and controlled. Only the known techniques will be listed.আ Name: Sakki [chi of death].আ Class: Training.আ Information: Otherwise known as the Chi of Death, it is the 'murderuous intent' exuded by someone with control over their spiritual abilities. Can be forced out in a 'wave of power' to instantaneously kill, maim, or weaken enemies. Adell's incredible power is potent and incredibly lethal if not properly controlled, as such it can quite literally kill most who are weaker than himself. Against those stronger they succumb to the weaker effects of it's power, nausea, amnesia, respiratory distress, disorientation, etc.আ Name: Mushin [no mind].আ Class: Training.আ Information: Mushin refers to a mental state in which the mind is not fixed or occupied by thought or emotion and is thus open to everything. Mushin is achieved when one feels no anger, fear, or ego during combat. There is an absence of discursive thought and judgment, so the one is totally free to act and react towards an opponent without hesitation. At this point, one relies not on what they think should be the next move, but what is felt intuitively. It is not a state of relaxed, near-sleepfulness, however. The mind could be said to be working at a very high speed, but with no intentions, plans or direction, again due to the synchronization of ether with the physical processes of the body and the spiritual processes of the soul.আ Name: Zanshin [remaining mind].আ Class: Training.আ Information: Zanshin refers to a state of 'total awareness' in which one maintains continued spirit, physical alertness, and mental readiness to respond to circumstance in any situation. In essence through the manipulation and synchronozation of ether/chi, one passively develops a state of mind in which they are always on guard, and which allows them to further make use of the benefits of Mushin.আ Name: Fudoshin [immovable heart]আ Class: Training.আ Information: Fudoshin is a continued spiritual, emotional, physical, and mental state of equanimity or imperturbability. Despite what unsettling thing one may perform, have performed to them, or see performed they will not be disheartened, and that sentiment will not be expressed. In essence this ability allows for one to ignore the effects of fear, hatred, malice, spite, envy, guilt, or other debilitating mental states which are forced upon them, be it naturally or unnaturally (i.e. through a magical ability or otherwise).আ Name: Gakona [headstrong]আ Class: Training. আ Information: Gakona is the sacred art of battle, one simple yet impossible by many to master. Passed through generations of blood and oath, it's practice is one not experienced by many. Gakona allows the user to sustain themselves through battle, growing with the blood shed and the difficulty once faces. Infact, as more damage is inflicted or the stress of the battle rises, the strength and evolution of the user adapts and inturn pushes the body, mind, and soul past it's operational limits for the sake of survival and battle itself. The result can be devastating, possibly even lethal, but what better way to die than a winner?আ Name: Polydimensional Seals.আ Class: Other.আ Information: After the fall of The Celestial Emissary, Adell sought a means of which to limit both his progression and power in fear of becoming as mad as the The Chaos Star, Menahem. Placing multiple seals along his body physically and spiritually he limited various aspects of his existence and resonance, acting as a method of capping both his physical power and ether manipulation altogether. As he watched the stars and their destruction slowly he began to cope with the idea of controlling himself and furthermore limiting himself psychologically by changing his mindset (which came with maturity). Adell is still a beast of reckoning but nothing compared to the power he possess should the Polydimensional Seals be released. It's worthy of noting that Adell cannot forcibly release the seals in battle as the process of actually dismantling the seals is a time consuming process.আ Name: True Seal.আ Class: Other.আ Information: The God Dragon's physical presence is limited to his human like appearance after the catastrophic event occurring at the end of the War of Xelphia and Genocide of Gaea. After his existential battle with Beramode Pendragon he discovered the truth of his heritage, shattering the parameters of his celestial boundaries to become his true, limitless self. A dragon with the blood of Bahamut his fury was enough to annihilate stars with seething fury and existed as the scion of which all cosmic serpents can exist. This seal prevents him from achieving his true draconic form, reinforcing much of the same necessities as the Polydimensional Seals, for reasons beyond his Eogazurd heritage. Only by first breaking the Polydimensional Seals and then invoking the ancient reinforcement of the True Seal fortified by Vincent Fiorelli's fruitless handiwork can Adell achieve his true form as a galactic wyvern with little equal, the designated prince of all dragons throughout the cosmos. Name: Ergheiz [the god hand].Type: Weapon.Description: ⊕. This gauntlet shines with a brilliance unequaled in all creation, and may bring order to a chaotic world. Layers of gold embellished by the light of the ethereal reflects the world onto its surface, indelible and impossibly refined. Information: Unknown. Name: Durandal [ultimate dragon sword]Type: Weapon.Description: ⊕.Information: A sword of indelible craftsmanship. Originally the sword belonged to Hector, the greatest rival of Achilles, and greatest warrior of one of the first civilizations born after the Kingdom of Fabrolias' dissolution. The prince converted it into the spear Durindana, and after it later lost its features as a spear, it became Durandal. It was then later said to have been granted to King Charlemagne of the Frankish Empire by an angel before being awarded to Roland. Though the myth and anecdote is as much of a mystery as the blade itself, it has a superb sharpness and is forged of a orchalium, making it impervious to destruction by way of anything that isn't the destruction of the jewel just below the crosshilt. This gives the blade an impossibly sharp edge and equally asinine durability. This blade has multi-planar functionality through channeling esoteric energy through the conduit of the jewel, allowing it to hit targets that pervade the material. The sword is a splendidly forged "symbol of power", and it is said to hold three miracles within it. One of the miracles have already been used, and hence only two remain. As to what the original miracle was, Adell refuses to divulge, but it may have something to do with the unorthodox methods he used to attain the weapon in question (in a period of time where it should no longer exist). It is rumored that should all the miracles be used, that the blade will shatter and become useless, and  it is for that reason that it has become an artifact of which The God Dragon rarely draws upon. Name: Nibelung Messer.Type: Weapon.Description: ⊕.Information: The godsworn guardian of the Grand Order, Alexiel's noble heart manifested as a gleaming edge that is said to ward off calamity. With a piercing flash of the blade it devours the arcane, esoteric, and the preternatural (assessed by perception of the wielder's pure heart), rendering it useless before the crystal length of the lange messer. Anything devoured by the weapon is coalesced alongside anything else devoured, twisting the sword into an amalgamation of what it has devoured. This changes when it purges, releasing all of the absorbed energy into a single attack before the light of the crystal blade itself fades. Thereafter it requires a minute of real-time charging before it can do the same again. In his many travels through the metaverse he was forced to kill a woman dear to him, a friend of the Grand Order, hundreds of times in a multitude of timelines, gathering the fragments of her soul until the Nibelung could actualize it's true form, the Nibelung Messer. Where the idea came from or why remains a mystery but it has since become a point of worship to those within the Kingdom of Fabrolias idolizing the God Dragon himself. Name: Last Sahviar.Type: Weapon.Description: ⊕locked. ⊕unlocked.Information: Unknown. Name: Exitosus. Type: Weapon.Description: ⊕.Information: Unknown.Name: Ishana.Type: Weapon.Description: ⊕.  Information: Unknown. Name: Fuyusuki.Type: Weapon.Description: Unknown. Information: Unknown. Name: Raijinto.Type: Weapon.Description: Unknown. Information: Unknown. Name: Hagakure.Type: Weapon.Description: Unknown. Information: Unknown. Name: Missiletainn.Type: Weapon.Description: ⊕.Information: Unknown. Name: Seven Star Cloak.Type: Gear.Description: Unknown.Information: Unknown. Name: Dullahan's Armor.Type: Armor.Description: Unknown. Information: Unknown. Name: Universal Armor.Type: Armor.Description: Unknown. Information: Unknown. I. The Beginning— It all began untold ages ago in the Kingdom of Fabrolias where the Crystal Monarchy who delegated the stars resided. They were a peaceful society, and chronologically the first civilization born from the ashes of the Dominion of Illiandes, born from those of whom were known as the Eogazurd (celestials), the first to colonize in the infinity of the world and beyond. It was their power that would become the basis for mythology and many religion that would soon spread across eternity and captivate those devoted by their beliefs. As the sole kingdom trusted with the keys to the future, the Second Queen of Fabrolias, Kiyanas El-Amin Laemington, was the bearer of one of the building blocks of their foundation, - of all foundations - The Soul of Time. It was said to be that which could shape the world without the guidance or restriction of the celestials and those who governed above, though it was heavily cautioned that it's power could end everything and create anything, a power so revered that all would be forced to subjugate before her authority as God. The First Queen of Fabrolias committed the act of the ultimate sin that birthed darkness into the world, being that of the celestials herself, she turned against creation and was exiled into the abyss of darkness, falling from grace and prosperity itself.It was for that reason that the Second Queen of Fabrolias would have much to task in proving herself as worthy to rule the stars themselves. Xeroxian, otherwise known as dragons, created by the Eogazurd to serve as the eternal guardians of the Queen herself, was headed by The Dragon King, King of Infinite Wings himself, Bahamut. While the Queen was effectively committed to that of the Eogazurd and it's people, her heart and love eventually found Bahamut which would lead to the uprising that would crumble the world itself. The Queen would soon become pregnant with the child meant to become the beacon the world's hope and future, and at the guidance of the celestials she was meant to inherit their will into her to allow for the egg's creation. While that child would be born, not all would go according to plan. Soon thereafter she would become pregnant again, bearing a child not born by the grace of the celestials, but a child of the dragons, a son of the King Bahamut himself. Severing ties with the celestials entirely, the Kingdom of Fabrolias fell from the Altar of Grace, that which hoisted the kingdom above the darkness that had been born as a necessity to balance the light. Predictably so, the kingdom descended into utter chaos. Attacked by fiends of darkness that bore no name or true physical form, the extinction of the dragons and the destruction of the Kingdom was upon them...but they seemed to be drawn to a particular light within. What was it that drew the darkness to devour them?It was the Queen of Fabrolias herself, drawn to the purity of her heart and the light of her soul, brighter than all those who existed below the Altar of Grace, it wouldn't be long before annihilated the kingdom and all that was left of creation itself. Bahamut, in a final effort to save what little was left, condemned both himself and the Queen, sending both of the children born to the Queen away from the Kingdom before charging headfirst with what forces remained into the heart of the darkness that sieged them. It is assumed that on that fateful day that the Kingdom of Fabrolias, it's King and Queen, died, in-love and in no regret.While one child was given to the strongest warrior of the kingdom, Yehudah Asvaldr the Star Knight, the other was given to one of the the Eogazurd that had been responsible for attaching the Soul of Time to the Queen herself, Ishmerai Cassius, she who had created the magical arts born into the world as Symbology, the first magic to have ever been born in cosmic writing that praised the celestial Tria. The Soul of Time, in all of it's power and importance was sealed into the heart of her second born child  Adell Illiandes Laemington for undisclosed reasons, though presumably because  Zandakar Ignatius Laemington  was a child of pure celestial blood. Thus as the chalice of the world's overseer crumbled and the supernova of the following battle spread both creation and destruction across the cosmos, the tale of two young boys began. Both intertwined by relation of flesh, destined to walk entirely different paths, guided by a fate that even the celestials could not control. II. ELL—Guided by Tria, Ishmerai found herself on the planet Ell overflowing with ether and separated from the darkness that enveloped most throughout the galaxy— even the star system itself. Covered in the serenity of nature and currents of perpetual harmony Ishmerai settled here for a few sun cycles to gather their next course of action. It wasn't long before she had analyzed the planet and the few people living there, and it was in that time that she found the Old Torna. A theocracy dedicated to the ideals of meditation, peace, and all creation living alongside one another faithfully by the word of Addam, Ishmerai sought out Addam for a conversation regarding the fate of the world. Their conversation was private, even Adell at his age has no recollection of what was spoken between the two, but the result was the creator of symbology and artes resolving to leave the young child in the care of Addam the Hero of Torna itself. Ishmerai had come to be like a mother figure to the young boy not even a toddler yet so the thought of her disappearing brought tears to the child's eyes, yet all that happened was meant to. Ishmerai had to assist in balancing the dichotomy in the cosmos beyond, and to inquire as to the fate of the Star Knight and the first child, Zandakar, and so she departed...and it would be some time before he ever saw her again. In his younger years he trained in Old Torna, often under the guidance of Addam the hero directly, or his apostles. Old Torna was home of many orphans throughout the star system that were given no where to go or no home to return to through the wars that left planets in devastation, and so Adell was not alone there. In his years growing in the backwater country he grew fond of two friends, both older: one named Nao, cursed with the stigma of his family's blood, the last of his kind; and the other Hecht, a bronze-skinned child of frighteningly vast charisma and a overbearing sense of pride. Together they would train for years, sixteen calendar where the three competed with one another to be absolutely stronger than their counterpart. Nao was always the most skilled, but Adell had the most talent, and Hecht, while the least skilled of the three, still was by far the most popular and capable of diplomacy between them. When the time came, however, their union would end. It was unfortunate. The war across the stars for the power of the higher domain finally reached their planet. The secret of reaching the power of celestials, a modicum of knowledge, was hidden in one of the orphans adopted by Addam the hero. A tremendous battle took place, The Reinbach Corporation working closely with the Subcontact Committee to find that which was lost: something unknown to the planet of wildlife engulfed in the flames of destruction. Many wars were afoot, Hyams versus Vector Industries, Ormus versus The Veldime Empire, all the world knew was conflict and death, something that had been largely absent from the lives of those in Old Torna. Eventually their conflict, and that which they sought, brought them to Ell where the Hyams and Vector Industries employed their greatest weapons to find the missing child of Veldime. Who was the missing child of Veldime? Only Addam knew for sure, as he had made it his mission to protect that child with his life, a sacred oath given by a researcher long ago during his time as a mercenary, before the kingdom of Torna had been born. However, Addam was powerless to stop the inevitable. A hidden device, the Kadmoni, would call out to the child, and then many things not once revealed would slowly began to come to light: atleast to those who understood. Slowly Nao, the black-haired genius of ether felt himself being called, existentially. After a series of events where Torna was rent asunder and engulfed in the flames of the opposing factions, Nao could be seen emerging from the fire to a black robed man with an ethereal mask that reflected the stars within it. Adell bore witness to it all, as did Hecht, Addam, and many of Torna's final survivors. Having sealed away the legendary artifact that could prove detrimental in rectifying what was to come to pass, Addam was forced to use his own trusty broadsword and manipulation of ether arts in an attempt to fight the robed man: but to no avail. With a single decisive blow the consciousness of Adam was shattered, a clench of the masked man's hand, and Addam's body was mattered shifted into oblivion. Unable to handle the pain of losing someone close to him, Adell sought to avenge Addam in that very moment, and was nearly dealt an equally decisive blow. Yet his friend Hecht would save them both, utilizing his ether arts to render Adell unconscious from behind, and destroy the foundation of the area that they stood in. As Old Torna was settled along the side of a mountain, Hecht manipulated the ambient ether to destroy what little remained of the kingdom's foundation, and send them spiraling downward into their likely demise. Nao, now under the control of a mysterious intervention, disappeared onboard the galaxy-class ship that spared the planet what little of life it had left, disappearing with others of their respective factions in pursuit for what was attained. What exactly was Nao and what was his purpose? Why was he so important to them, important enough to annihilate over half of a planet in the progress. It was impossible to tell, but soon everything that had happened and the purpose of it all would be revealed. III. WAR OF ATTRITION—TBC.