Post by Deleted on Jan 9, 2021 at 2:14amPost by KrysisKore on Jan 1, 2021 at 1:16pmPost by Deleted on Dec 27, 2020 at 5:34pmPost by Deleted on Dec 24, 2020 at 6:09pmPost by Deleted on Dec 24, 2020 at 6:08pmPost by Deleted on Dec 24, 2020 at 6:06pmPost by Killiak on Apr 23, 2021 at 6:23pmPost by Yoshida on Apr 21, 2021 at 8:21amPost by Killiak on Mar 13, 2021 at 1:40pmPost by Yoshida on Mar 11, 2021 at 5:11amPost by Killiak on Mar 9, 2021 at 12:20amPost by Yoshida on Feb 27, 2021 at 5:00pmPost by Killiak on Feb 18, 2021 at 12:46amPost by Yoshida on Feb 17, 2021 at 2:33amPost by Magustus Caesar on Jul 30, 2019 at 2:59amPost by Lysander on Apr 29, 2019 at 12:38pmPost by Magustus Caesar on Apr 3, 2019 at 12:06amPost by Lysander on Mar 11, 2019 at 2:30pmPost by Magustus Caesar on Feb 23, 2019 at 9:09pmPost by Lysander on Feb 20, 2019 at 4:04pmPost by Dirge on Feb 20, 2021 at 6:50pmPost by Dirge on Feb 21, 2021 at 5:28pmPost by Charlie Mylphis on Feb 21, 2021 at 7:01pmPost by Dirge on Feb 23, 2021 at 2:39pmPost by Charlie Mylphis on Feb 24, 2021 at 1:20amPost by Dirge on Feb 24, 2021 at 7:52pmPost by Charlie Mylphis on Feb 25, 2021 at 12:42pmPost by Dirge on Feb 25, 2021 at 5:15pmPost by Charlie Mylphis on Feb 26, 2021 at 12:43amPost by Dirge on Feb 27, 2021 at 6:56pmPost by Charlie Mylphis on Feb 27, 2021 at 9:45pmPost by Dirge on Feb 27, 2021 at 11:08pmPost by Charlie Mylphis on Feb 27, 2021 at 11:51pmPost by Deleted on Feb 28, 2021 at 3:12amPost by Charlie Mylphis on Feb 28, 2021 at 3:36amPost by Ezekiel on Mar 2, 2021 at 8:13pmPost by Uzuki on Mar 4, 2021 at 9:10amPost by Ezekiel on Apr 23, 2021 at 10:53pmPost by Uzuki on Apr 26, 2021 at 10:27amPost by Ezekiel on May 4, 2021 at 10:31pmPost by Uzuki on Jul 2, 2021 at 9:25amPost by Deleted on Dec 24, 2020 at 9:42pmPost by Deleted on Jan 10, 2021 at 12:45pmPost by Dirge on Feb 1, 2021 at 5:55pmPost by Deleted on Feb 6, 2021 at 8:57pmPost by Dirge on Feb 8, 2021 at 4:05pmPost by Deleted on Mar 7, 2021 at 8:41pmPost by Dirge on Mar 29, 2021 at 11:14amPost by Deleted on Apr 1, 2021 at 5:59pmPost by Hero on Jul 2, 2018 at 12:28pmPost by Hero on Jul 2, 2018 at 12:29pmPost by Dirge on Jul 24, 2018 at 12:56pmPost by Hero on Aug 4, 2018 at 2:06pmPost by Dirge on Aug 9, 2018 at 6:39pmPost by Hero on Nov 11, 2018 at 1:34pmPost by Dirge on Nov 12, 2018 at 10:46amGeneral Characteristics • Name: Vincent "Dirge" Fiorelli.• Gender: Male.• Age: Unknown. Looks about 26.• Height: Everchanging. Usually 6'1''.• Weapon of Choice: Swords & Spells.• Occupation: Magister Magi.• Current Affiliation: Himself and his allies.• Supernatural Abilities:» Biological- Rhythm Of The Beast: Vincent has possessed a vessel designed to constantly evolve based on his experiences, product of his biological father's genetic manipulation. In an attempt to create a vast army of hellish children to dominate one of the worlds he'd chosen, the demon shared some of his genetic code with them while giving each and every single one of them free will to choose their path. Vincent's body and mind were honed as sharply as possible from a very young age through arduous exercises and forced training. The way his body adapted flawlessly became acutely stronger as the years passed, transitioning into the Halfling gaining power proportional to the damage his vessel incurs. Presently, he has enough raw power to threaten the destruction of lesser planets or, if left to his devices, entire solar systems.- Wrathchild: Vincent gained two particular skills from his father: one that was completely attuned to him, and a lesser portion of another that was fully attuned to his twin sister. The former was the mastery over every primordial element as well as a series of sub-elements spurring from them. The latter the capability to perform minor shapeshifting. While his elemental mastery is currently sealed, his knowledge over minor shapeshifting has allowed him to perfect himself over the years by altering his genetic code whenever necessary. This, naturally, allows him to change his appearance at will so long as he keeps a humanoid form. Only his limbs can be transfigured to monstrous or eldritch appendages, with a maximum of two limbs transfigured simultaneously at any given time.- Powerslave: Perhaps a curse, perhaps a boon, Vincent has been drawn to knowledge ever since his cognitive processes became fully functional. Particularly interested in the art of war and dueling in the dawn of his life, these interests have continued to expand through the years. The more he learned, the more he craved. The desires of the Demon Halfling's soul currently encompass all forms of knowledge that could prove useful to him to further heighten his power and, secondly, to ensure the lesser communities across the Multiverse acquire the tools they require to subsist on a daily basis.- Eye Of The Beholder: One of the most basic skills inherent to Vincent is the capability to see and sense all forms of energy in his surroundings. While the basic ability was overall messy, unrefined, and sometimes left the readings unclear, the Demon Halfling has been able to evolve this ability through developing a hybrid form of sensing that allows him to draw a mental map of his surroundings. Said map is created through a mixture of Extrasensoria Perceptio, a fine uplink to the Secret Library of Hyades, and this 'third eye.' Presently, very few things can manage to hide from this particular skill, and seeing as how it is constantly evolving along with Vincent, chances are nothing will get past him as long as this ability is present within his senses.- Darkside: While his biological capabilities offer him a hefty amount of resilience with an offense to match, Vincent is partially a demon, with all that this entails. Whereas he has rejected the evil side of himself, the darkness has festered within a portion of his soul, which currently remains sealed away, forcing the magister to face a constant internal conflict. This "demonic" side renders all limitations that Vincent has placed upon himself useless, employing the magister's full power to get what it wants; complete control and domination, unbridled chaos, and unrelenting destruction, embodying all the traits of an evil entity with a megalomaniacal complex. It has been mentioned that the dark is growing stronger and will break free from the Fiorelli soon enough. When exactly, however, nobody can tell...- Light And Darkness: Through his battle with Beramode Shurelian, the darkness within Vincent's soul grew past the point of mere possession. Aside from engulfing his vessel from within, his other side kicked Vincent out in an ethereal manner, sending his soul to another dimension and removing him entirely from the conflict. The Red Magister was left without a vessel, wandering through the planes until he could garner enough focus to craft a new body for himself. With every trace of his darkness removed, Vincent aims to regain his lost strength to eventually face off against his darkness and defeat it, or chase his dark side to the deepest regions of Multiversal Hells, battle himself, and claim supremacy over his own döppelganger once and for all. Vincent no longer suffers from a mental and spiritual duality, can focus much more clearly, and does not run the risk of losing himself to insanity in combat at the cost of having his total power halved.» Acquired- Ruinmessenger: Vincent has channeled his supernatural power to awaken the magic coursing through his veins. By sealing his elementalist skills with the help of Zericho Azerich, he was able to employ the magic school the two of them uncovered. Whether it is conjuring fire from nowhere or creating micro-black holes, Vincent's physical and mental fortitude and magical knowledge only continue to grow stronger day after day. The versatility of the magic school makes it a force to be reckoned with, and the knowledge contained within ranges from simple spells belonging to the four primordial elements, to the very manipulation of reality itself.- A New Dimension: The information he acquired from the Lady of Gensokyo, Yukari Yakumo, has allowed him to tamper with the borders governing the different planes of reality. Coupled with his knowledge about magic squares, circles, and wards in general, Vincent has gained the particular skill to create pocket dimensions at will as long as the necessary geometrical conditions are present. On his own, he has been able to create a protected pocket dimension used specifically as a storage space. Comprised of many smaller boundaries and protected with a defensive network consisting of sigils, charms, enchantments, and the like, the Halfling utilizes this place to store anything that may be of use to him. Several boundaries replicate objects in their seemingly infinite space, keeping them at the ready in perfect stasis and awaiting for Vincent to call upon them.- The Flash Of The Blade: The Halfling's skill with the sword is comparable to that of ancient swordmasters themselves. Taught by a vastly experienced group of cold blooded assassins and protectors, Vincent was able to gain a sizable amount of knowledge about different swordsmanship styles. After exploring other schools and arts, he is presently able to handle any bladed weapon with relative ease while possessing moderate ability in other forms of weapons and martial arts. Namely, he can employ the following styles: Hiten Mitsurugi Ryuu, Gatotsu, Shinmeiryuu, Suishourin, Kodachi Nittou Ryuu, Chuuten Banzen Ryuu, Mahou Ryuu.- Master Of Puppets: Vincent is capable of splitting himself many times to be in multiple places at the same time. He can split himself ten times based on the elements he masters, and roughly twenty four times based on the branches of magic he possesses for a total number of thirty four Aspects. An Aspect is, in layman terms, a clone; a specific part of a person becoming a separate physical body who can also think on its own based on the portion of personality they formed themselves from. To put it simply, say Vincent splits off the part of him that dominates Fire magic. That Aspect will possess a fiery personality, in accordance to the Fire element. He will be rash and reckless and he will only be capable of using magic attuned to Fire. An important part of Aspects is that, should they be killed, they will return to the original host without fail. Aspects cannot be absorbed or completely annihilated without eliminating the original host first. Any experience the Aspect obtains will be passed onto the host at the moment of return. This includes but is not limited to combat experience, information, conversations, and so on. Presently, Vincent can duplicate Aspects as required due to new developments within the technique, as well as the need to gather more information. This has allowed him to scatter a vast number of Aspects throughout the Multiverse in order to feed him information or to gather more data for Hyades, the Secret Library.- Savior In The Clockwork: True to his pursuit of knowledge, Vincent has delved into technology of different kinds. He has acquired the ability to replicate objects that his hands have come into contact with before, analyzing them thoroughly before creating a perfect duplicate of them seemingly out of thin air. In reality, the objects are summoned from the depths of his personal storage in the blink of an eye whenever he desires it so. Aside from that, Vincent is able to craft, use, and modify technologically advanced weaponry, vehicles, and artifacts, amongst other objects.General Knowledge » Master Elementalist - Sub-Elements Included - Fully Sealed « These abilities have originally been sealed in accordance to Vincent choosing to specialize in magic.During the early stages of "Chapter 9: The Darkness Within" these abilities became more and more accessible as time went on.With the ending of "Chapter 9: The Darkness Within", these abilities have been fully claimed by his Darkside, and are currently inaccessible by Vincent's current vessel. » Water Mastery » Fire Mastery » Earth Mastery » Wind Mastery » Lightning Mastery (Water + Wind) » Ice Mastery (Included Under Water) » Wood Mastery (Water + Earth) » Iron Mastery (Included Under Earth) » Light Mastery (Separate element; not part of the four primordial elements) » Darkness Mastery (Separate element; not part of the four primordial elements)» Fiorelli & Azerich Magic School « This is the school of magic discovered by Zericho Azerich and Vincent Fiorelli many years ago. The entire school is documented in ancient texts that Vincent keeps within the Secret Library of Hyades. He has taken to calling these the 'Fiorelli Codex.'With the developments up to "Chapter 10: Where goes Darkness, So Goes Light", this has become Vincent's primary method of self-defense.» Theory Of Magic. » Theory Of Wards. » Western And Eastern Magic. » Various Martial Arts. » Various Swordsmanship Styles. » 24 Branches of magic and magic spells found within the Codex. The spell list and the rest of the Codex's content are currently public knowledge.Lord Soul Piece: After Vincent's encounter with Beramode Shurelian, currently his adoptive father and mentor, he was bestowed a small piece of an amazing power known as the Lord Soul. The full soul possesses power far beyond measuring, allowing the user to influence an entire realm if they so desire. It is said that in one universe, the wielder of a Lord Soul ushered in an age of prosperity and Fire, keeping the Dark away. The inhabitants of his land enjoyed peace for roughly a thousand years. Lord Souls can vary in power depending on their wielder. The magister is still researching this small piece of the Lord Soul he's been gifted, but study has been somewhat... Delayed. The fact that the piece has merged with his own soul makes it quite difficult for him to analyze it, and the sporadic displays of power coming from the soul's innate abilities are far too unpredictable. Long story short, Vincent has been focusing on adapting to the Lord Soul's shard to be able to call upon its power whenever necessary. Presently, Vincent has managed to concentrate most of the energy belonging to this artifact into a dormant Aspect for further research.The Red Magister's StoryChapter 1: HomeworldThere's not a whole lot to say about his birthplace. It is one iteration of Earth that has been long forgotten by the Multiverse; one that Vincent has not visited in years and which has most likely turned into the breeding grounds of his father. The memories he recorded in papyrus sheets allow onlookers and readers to practically see everything that had happened back then. Simply touching the paper, images are directly instilled into the minds of whoever manages to do so and they are instantly rewarded with knowledge. Vincent recommends that those without any control over magical energies or those without focus refrain from approaching his current library scattered through the floors of his tower. The Takana Inn was famous for its natural hotsprings. None of the customers knew that, in actuality, the springs had been a creation of Vincent and his sister. Through carefully manipulating the elements of fire, water, earth, and wind, the Fiorelli was able to recreate an environment of sheer relaxation. He could have easily created dungeons, fake battlefields, and even manipulate the mountain the inn was set on and turn it into a volcano, but none of them were business choices. None of them would allow the twins to settle peacefully and to disappear from the radar of his father. The few brothers and sisters that managed to stumble upon the Takana Inn promptly made their objective known; they were to bring Vincent and his twin sister back to their father. As such, this ensued the start of a drawn out conflict where he was required to use every trick in his book to keep the assailants - to keep his family - at bay. Through several run ins with them, Vincent was able to grow stronger until a final encounter with his father within his sister's mind. The ancient demon had decided to attack one of his own daughters and Vincent was forced to reach his first spike in power and liberate his sister's mind. After a grueling battle, the demon was pushed away and the Fiorelli initiated research in mental barriers. It was only after a single day that he had come up with the necessary defenses to protect the mind from external attacks, bestowing this protection on his sister after extensively testing it. Chapter 2: The Path of the Sword While visitors from other realms were not a rare occurrence at the Takana Inn, organized groups with weapons drawn was something that nobody expected. The friends the twins had made in the region rushed to their aid and, in no time at all, the entire area had turned into a war zone. They scattered individually to face the incoming threat - though one of them had to take on a team - and began to fight for dominance over the mountain. Zericho Azerich was fried to a near-death state by a bolt of red lightning coming from Natomouge. Edan was forced to fight Alabaster and Kajurou and ended up getting ripped apart. Through his control over the element of earth, he was able to turn to dust at the last minute and reformed close by, but ended up frozen on the spot a few minutes after. Sutoraikku was destroyed by a plasma beam fired by his opponent, Kamon. Hitamashi met a grim end at the hands of Thomas Balvice after an elaborate technique was rendered useless by the latter. Vincent ended up facing Ignatius Eldridge in a bout mainly encompassing elemental techniques and swordsmanship. It was right there that he'd realized not only how weak he was in the grand scheme of things, but how stronger he had become compared to his peers. Forced to surrender due to his lack of experience, Vincent and his friends struck a deal with their assailants: In exchange for training, they would pass the ownership of the mountain over. Most of Vincent's friends stayed to guard the mountain and to train on the spot, but he journeyed with his newfound teachers to the Isamahii Gardens; a location far, far away from the Takana Hotsprings. It is here that Vincent's training with the sword begins under the tutelage of Ran, Sohjin Kasake, Kajurou, and Shiki. It was an era filled with intense combats and arduous study, and he would grow to learn different skills from each swordmaster. From Ran, he learned not to rely too much on techniques; strategical points of view often beat hasty approaches. From Sohjin, he learned the basics of combat and how to further expand on them; often times, the only thing we need is to be led down a good path to follow. From Kajurou, he learned how to expand his repertoire of elemental techniques in the battlefield; when something does not work, refine it properly until it does. From Shiki, he learned balance; the momentum one garners in a fight is always there, carried by the body. Through the perfect synergy of these principles, Vincent evolved into one of the best fighters of the Isamahii Gardens and eventually managed to graduate from their training. Perhaps, just perhaps, he is capable of surpassing every single fighter or teacher in the Gardens at the present time. Chapter 3: A True Master; An Eternal Student Swordsmanship and elementalism only got the growing Vincent so far. His interests lay beyond the powers found within mother nature; he desired to learn more and to continue evolving beyond what he already was. When Zericho Azerich approached him about an ancient ruin he'd discovered, Vincent wasted no time in going over to investigate. What they managed to find there were scrolls preserved through magical means in the bottommost chambers of the ruin. The storage area was completely untouched by the passing of time but the protective incantations disappeared the moment Vincent picked up the first scroll. The two of them spent weeks deciphering the texts, and while some parts were written in the common language of the Multiverse, others were written in Latin and Greek. In order to receive the gift the scrolls eventually presented to them, Vincent enacted a seal upon his elemental powers, hoping it would keep the beast within him down. The truth was that while he gained power through training, the demonic side - heritage from his father - hiding deep in his soul wanted out and its pleas were only growing stronger by the day. The seal allowed Vincent to keep it in check while regulating the overall power he possessed. It allowed him to accept the gift of magic from the ruin's spoils. Zericho and Vincent spent nearly a month learning how to cast each and every single spell - with the more difficult ones taking several additional months - before perfecting them. Some of the spells were in an incomplete state while others simply ran rampant once cast. They needed more focus, more concentration, and more expertise with magic. It was harsh training, more so than learning swordsmanship, but it paid off in the end. Vincent's body underwent more changes to the point that his blood transformed into sheer energy and his flesh grew stronger. With this change, he was left vulnerable to many types of attacks that could target or mitigate energy as a whole, and thus fail safes were set in place. Runic writing was carved in his vessel's bones to fixate his 'blood' to his body, amongst other functions, and he found out that the sensation of pain was completely dulled within him, remaining all but a distant illusion. He could choose whether the signal would be transmitted to his 'brain' or simply to ignore it altogether. Many physical functions were deemed as optional, such as eating or drinking, sleeping or having sex; even breathing. They were no longer necessities to sustain his physical body, which only meant that he could even subsist in harsh outer space. Of course, there were more factors that came into play, such as protective enchantments, techniques that he'd practiced daily and soon became passive to him, and several additional enhancements further perfected with more training and combat. Once their magic had been fully fleshed out, Zericho and Vincent donned "Mahou" - the name of the magic school - proudly in honor of its previous practitioners. To this day, Vincent continues to improve the spells and techniques of Mahou, ranging from the ever useful martial arts contained within it to the dangerous Magia Erebea. In the confines of his tower, the self nominated magister magi practices his magic in peace and quiet. The nature of his experiments is unknown other than to expand his own power and to share his knowledge with whoever he deems fit. Chapter 4: The Multiversal Envoy With greater power, greater responsibilities fell upon the Fiorelli's lap. That he was a prodigy in his own community and that there were no challenges left for him to tackle there forced him to seek excitement elsewhere. He decided to 'leave the nest', so to speak, and to expand his knowledge through seeking out other realms and universes. The Multiverse was a vast place, after all, and no single entity had been to every single universe out there. It was during one of these escapades to another realm that he stumbled upon Beramode Aurelius Pendragon. There was apparent hostility between the two of them for a brief moment before they realized that they could strike up a valuable alliance. In exchange for Vincent preserving the Pendragon family name, Beramode would grant him power and take him around the Multiverse whenever there was anything interesting going on. Amongst some of these encounters, Vincent can recall their battle against an horrendous creature that they dubbed the 'Lord of Jewels' - which Vincent still keeps the head of -, and a special meeting with the entity 'Brobdingnag.' It is important to note that the last meeting took place in one of the many Hells across the Multiverse and that Vincent has managed to recover quite a bit of knowledge from the arcane tomes hiding deep within Brobdingnag. Through this era, Vincent made it a point to make his magical power known across the expanse of the Multiverse; however, the realization that he had become to rely too much on his magic slapped him in the face when he was forced to fight Caitlyn, the Voidmistress at the planet of Regulus. He left the planet in a weakened state and has since been coming up with ways to stop abusing his magic. It was a feat that resulted an impossibility once he managed to visit the realm known as The Keep. His allies and him encountered a presumably powerful group dubbed the 'Primoris.' Vincent observed their lack of technological apparatuses and their lack of spaceships despite the claims that the Primoris held galaxies in their names. As much power as they could claim to possess, they could only be regarded as minor outlaws with a sense of hierarchy given that they respected etiquette and foreign titles. After establishing communication with one of the region's most influential women with a firm grip in the political ties of the realm, the magister nominated himself a Multiversal envoy. While the conflict with the Primoris did not go anywhere, chances are that, in the future, Vincent and his allies will claim control of the dominion to ensure less chaos is wrought across the Multiverse. While this does mean Vincent sees a lot less combat than before, the possibility of learning from new cultures and getting to know more and more people every day means that he has essentially lost nothing. Combat was but one way of studying people; through communicating with them and the members of high social, political, and military standing within other cultures, he is able to extract more data and information with simple inquiries. Chapter 5: The League's Interest Vincent's first encounter with the League dates back to many months ago - perhaps five or longer - from the present time. He had utilized his raw power over magic and boundaries to bypass several barriers the high councilors had set in place to protect the storage of magical artifacts and stole a single copy of every item. Amongst these items was the crystal ball the summoners use to watch, command, and aid their summoned champions in the Rift or elsewhere. It was not long after that Vincent was approached by High Councilor Heyward Relivash, initially seeking out to punish him to no avail. Heyward attempted to utilize the tricks summoners were known for performing at Champion Judgments and tried to tamper with Vincent's mind. Once realizing that it was not possible, the high summoner attacked the Fiorelli and the latter was forced to defend himself. The battle lasted several days in a remote location of Valoran that Vincent purposefully sealed away through a bounded field - a magical circle encompassing the entire region where the fight took place so as to not to harm the environment. Although Heyward employed his most powerful magic against Vincent, the latter only appeared to absorb these spells only to fire his own back in rapid succession. The high councilor was not aware of the Fiorelli's magic expertise until his defeat was sealed, but Vincent did not kill him. Instead, they struck a deal; in exchange for Vincent's magical expertise, he would be allowed to join the League and be granted all the benefits of a full fledged summoner. It was tough to accept that an outsider could actually defeat the most powerful summoner in all of the League thus far, but the kind of power Vincent dealt with encompassed a global - if not cosmic - scale. While he shared very little information with Heyward Relivash, often giving him exactly what he asked for, he was able to pick up signs of something darker within the Institute of War. Admittedly, the magister had no proof whatsoever outside of what he had heard here and there. Inquiring with several champions and reading the Journal of Justice - and dreading how the newspaper had been discontinued -, Vincent was able to pile up a hefty amount of information about Runeterra and the League. Nowadays, the Fiorelli pursues knowledge with thirst similar to the void champion's known as Vel'koz; however, he doesn't share the flair for blasting or blowing things up. He prefers to talk with people, particularly with champions or summoners he deems interesting. It is not rare to see him with a crystal ball and a notebook overseeing a match or two whenever he does come around the Institute. Although his talents as a summoner are innate, he still strives to improve and to, eventually, break the shackles of the Institute of War across all of Runeterra. Of course, this objective will take time and hard work from his part, mainly due to the gathering of evidence. The League's involvement could not be proven fully even by Katarina, Jarvan, Garen, and Talon. As such, more careful investigations are required. For the time being, he will enjoy his life as a summoner within the universe of Runeterra. Chapter 6: The Vanguard of the Magister The knowledge littering the libraries of the Institute of War was unlike anything else Vincent had seen. It was only after interacting with the construct known as Orianna that he began to grow interested in the possibility of making objects of the sort, ultimately trying his hand at the creation of inanimate objects that could experience life as though they were another human being. The process was not easy and it often ended with burned husks and the destruction of artificial parts. In fact, several floors of the magister’s tower had to be reconstructed from scratch on three occasions; the magical energy contained within the husks was so large that the miscalculations could have ended Vincent’s life had he not been careful with runic protection. It almost ended the life of his student, Mai, though she was also protected through the tower’s inherent defensive systems. No rooms were touched by the explosions but everything else disappeared in a flash of light. And then it hit him. He only needed something to stabilize the power, be it living or non-living. He required a catalyst, so to speak. The last husk he picked apart was a woman in her late twenties. She had been conserved as though she was still alive, but the Fiorelli knew better. Frozen in time, the husk never decayed nor was it affected by rot; in fact, it was still warm to the touch the moment he brought her out. Her body was carefully placed on an azure dais where she floated roughly sixty centimeters above it and Vincent began to work. Several incisions were made across her pristine skin as vast quantities of the material Fiorellite appeared to merge with her skin, flesh, and bones. Unlike previous husks, this one showed a particular affinity for the material. The catalyst that he finally utilized was nothing more than the modified version of a particular virus that an ally of the magister had acquired and shared with him. The sentient virus would merely aid in reactivating the body of the construct and artificially – and biologically – infuse life within it… Until it became part of the construct’s conscience as a whole. They would merge with the neurons of the human brain to create a being whose thought processes were far superior to that of a common human. The sturdy body the construct was given ensured that it could resist the elements as well as many conventional hostilities. The last touch was a heart created from scratch: a Fiorellite core. Shining vibrantly with a powerful mixture of energies, a sizable incision ensured that he could pry open her chest and deposit the heart in the void within the creation’s body. The results were instantaneous. The heart connected with the rest of the body and with the mixed conscience of the woman to finish giving birth to the construct. Vincent would not dare give such a construct a name, only a title; the Vanguard of the Magister. As a construct and a possible protector to the Fiorelli, she needed means to defend herself. The heart within her activated a complex system of weaponry that bestowed her with different kinds of weapons and armor whenever desired. However, most of the power it contained would prove to be deadly for her at the moment and, as such, several pieces of equipment were sealed until she was ready to accept them. Once she opened her eyes and glanced over at him, she managed to utter two words just like he'd predicted… Cinnamon Kalonice; her name.Recently, the Vanguard has been discovered in an outer galaxy within a distant universe, deceased. Her remains have been procured by a team of Aspects and deposited in Vincent's tower for further study.Chapter 7: Returning To One's Roots...In an attempt to honor the traditions of his homeworld and of the beings who had taken him in so long ago, Vincent scoured the Multiverse for suitable battlefields in order to continue honing his skills. From individuals whose names were simply titles, such as The Baron, to beings jumping right out of the Middle Ages, such as Fenris of Olfwood, the Magister had to devise diverse strategies and battle plans to tackle such crafty foes. Some of these encounters did not demand much mental fortitude from his part, the enemy proving to follow patterns that were easy to read and subvert; however, a handful of battles forced Vincent to employ unconventional stratagems, such as high level enchantments and forbidden spells.The knowledge he had picked up throughout the years ensured that most of these battles ended in victories with a few draws here and there. If anyone knew the Magister, though, they'd understand that these fights served a greater purpose. At the birth of his fighting career, he often relied on a certain power that came from within, something innate to his very being. It was a demonic strain of power bestowed biologically upon him by none other than his father; it was a particular form of dark energy that would spread and grow through his body, mind, and soul until he was fully transformed into another one of the demon's thralls. These battles weren't only strengthening his drive; they were causing his demonic counterpart to stir once more...Chapter 8: Aethera State and the Nethuamamagos WarUnlikely to stop in his pursuit of knowledge and power in order to drive the darkness within his soul back, Vincent decided to join the ranks of the Aethera State and their Havoc Corps as an advisor as well as hired muscle. His contact to interact with these two factions was Adell Laemington, though there were plenty of familiar faces present when conflict approached. From the looks of it, they were an enemy faction by the name of the Nethuamamagos, the "Vernichtung Sektor", as they touted themselves, a bunch of Multiversal neo-nazis attempting to conquer and control diverse areas of the Multiverse. In this case, Gaea. Needless to say, defenses were brought up almost instantly by Babylon City, headed by a certain Dias Blade, and troops movilized to deal with the threat at hand, which resulted in the Red Magister participating in what would later be jokingly known as the "Taco War." The Nethuamamagos had certainly bitten off more than they could chew, and ultimately it was as though they had brought a knife to a gunfight. The war was closer to a battle than anything else, though the destruction certainly reached a grand scale. Throughout the battle, the Nethuamamagos attempted to use their suits and their battleship to stall offensive developments by Aethera, Havoc, and mercenary troops, though the stalemate was broken by a pirate queen riding in on an imperial dreadnought directly above the Magos' battleship. The dreadnought tore through the barrier enveloping the Magos' ship, pierced it right through the middle, and exposed the crew boarding it. Vincent took advantage of this to direct several enormous pillars of solid, sleek obsidian to finish the battleship off amidst the countless explosions, 'drag' the crew out of their decks and quarters, and crush them all against the seafloor many miles beneath them. While this battle ended on that spot, the war proper was just beginning. The battle for Gaea continued on Xelphia, with a conflict between the Yggdrasil Pirates, the Crimson Knights, and third parties wishing to see both organizations biting the dust. Through a devastating scenario that ended up with both Xelphia and Gaea smashed into each other, and terrible destruction wrought on both sides, Vincent was able to document the downfall of the Crimson Knights, the escape of a few Yggdrasil Pirates, the annihilation of most of the Havoc Corps, and the total obliteration of Babylon City.The darkness within him was resonating more and more with each passing day and conflict, and so Vincent set out to looking deep within himself, and to research for a method to not only stop this darkness from growing stronger, but also to eradicate it, if it was possible....Chapter 9: The Darkness WithinA girl trapped in a spatial prison. A wandering mercenary gunning down her opposition. A demonic fox wielding spiritual flame and her own charms to devour human men. A Queen of Despair. A woman with a broken mind and multiple personalities. A draconic goddess. A shadow entity. These were all individuals the Red Magister met in his quest for ridding himself of the darkness in his soul, figuring that, to balance the Light and the Dark inside him, different artifacts from these people would aid him in such an endeavor. The finality of his encounters was to create a concoction capable of eradicating the darkness, and if eradication was not possible, to stop its growth altogether. To staunch it, starve it, until it all faded into nothingness.From the girl in the spatial prison, he obtained genes of resilience, of a fiery, burning power; a piece of her soul graced by the fire element and the strength of earth. From the mercenary, he obtained the freedom of the wind and the fluidity of water. From the fox, the black spark of darkness. From the Queen of Despair, the unpredictability of lightning. From the draconic goddess, the iridescent glow of light. From the shadow entity, emptiness and a speck of the Void. By combining each and every shard of their souls, the Red Magister managed to create special sigils upon the very workings of his soul. Sigils that the darkness within him could not break, could not push through, and could not erode; however, Vincent did not account for one specific disadvantage. Every time the magister accessed the forbidden dark magic known as Magia Erebea, the darkness within him fed off of the energy emanating from each individual sigil, hiding the increase in its growth and focusing it all deep beneath the surface. The occurrences where his Darkside took over his conscience and manipulated his vessel grew more and more with each passing day, and it looked as though the sigils were beginning to dissolve. Little by little, the energy comprising them was eaten and absorbed, corrupted and stored by the demonic entity he shunned. Vincent, then, concocted a different plan. Given that he could not deal with the darkness inside him through the methods he had cooked up, he would patiently wait for it to break free while growing stronger and amassing more power himself. He knew what would eventually happen, and everything he did from that point onwards was to lead up to that very moment.Ultimately, Vincent was called by Beramode Aurelius Pendragon, his adoptive father and one of the most powerful entities in the vastness of the Multiverse, to Ceratoth. In that place, they faced off, with the Librarian taunting the Red Magister and stating that if he wanted to gain more knowledge, that he should come and earn it from the greater being. With the odds stacking against him, Vincent engaged the Shurelian in battle, only for his Darkside to resonate more and more to the environment of Ceratoth and the insanity that using different forms of magic enacted upon the caster. In the midst of a constant back and forth, and after receiving several blows from the Librarian, Vincent's Darkside was wholly unleashed, with the Red Magister understanding what this meant for him. The darkness fully consumed his physical vessel whilst kicking him out of it and sending him elsewhere, effectively hoarding the majority of his power and separating itself fully from the Light of the Fiorelli. His Darkside would undoubtedly continue battling the Librarian, but Vincent himself would be split in half, with the well of his power completely halved and a portion of his accessible abilities forever gone. If his darkness survived the battle against Beramode, an eventual showdown was inevitable, whether it was out in the Multiverse or in the bowels of a Multiversal Hell. Until then, the Red Magister embarked into yet another quest for growth, chasing after power and even more knowledge in order to eventually defeat his other side and claim supremacy over his own self once and for all...Chapter 10: Where Goes Darkness, So Too Goes LightVincent finds himself split in two, becoming a being embodying the good in him and separated from the darkness. Now a being of Light in the sense of good and evil, he finds himself in a quest for redemption against his other half...Adell Illiandes Laemington beckons to his allies, with Vincent found amongst their midst, to initiate the "Eternals Project", an attempt at overseeing the growth of defined universes within their grasp. The God Dragon attempts to alter the project in order to incorporate lesser beings within it, reaching out to neighboring empires and groups of little worth. While Vincent sees little harm in aiding weaker civilizations and settlements, the primary analysis of these groups deems them unworthy of assistance, and the Red Magister decides to withdraw from development with them. Ultimately, the project is scrapped due to ethical and intellectual differences between the three individuals conforming the group, and thus the good half of the Fiorelli decides to set out on his own again.With the Eternals Project ending in failure, Vincent decides to scope out the surrounding universes. With the aid of his Secret Library, his eye espies several organizations springing up from the ether, with the Babel Corporation beginning to make proverbial headlines as far as their technological advancements and Multiversal aid goes. Intrigued by the prospect of growth surrounding this corporation, the Red Magister eventually contacted the current headmaster, knowing all too well that his curiosity often gets the best of him. Yet, this ultimately puts him into contact with Landius, one of the strongest and most devoted individuals within Babel, with Vincent ending up as one of Babel's most trusted advisors in a matter of months. Under the guise of a Multiversal mercenary of great renown, the Red Magister repelled an attack toward one of the corporation's bases in an universe currently devoid of resources. Certain that this organization serves a greater purpose than mere technological development, the Fiorelli continues to monitor Babel closely.On the other hand, the Red Magister's Darkside finds himself in a predicament. Whilst his freedom allows him to do whatever he desires, there's no clear purpose, and no direct path toward obtaining even greater power. For a few months, he employs Vincent's moniker to sow chaos in the fringes of the Multiverse, terrorizing dozens of planets in a handful of star systems and recruiting those with evil in his hearts. In a short period of time, V becomes the boss of a slaver group, with roughly twenty planets suffering under his rule. This eventually piques the interest of one of the most trusted generals within the army belonging to Vincent's biological father, his half-sister, Vylena. Vylena surprises V amidst the branding of a new group of female slaves, with the cunning woman convincing the Dark Magister to join her father's faction in order to acquire greater power and influence. The gears of fate are slowly turning, driving Vincent and V in two different yet very similar directions...Chapter 11: Lightbringers, Shadowbringers, and the Forgotten DragonVincent's observation of Babel proved to be fruitful, as the myriad universes the corporation is connected to further enables him to collect data and information via his network of Aspects. With Hyades compiling all the data the Aspects brings back, his information database continues to grow by the day. It was through one of these forays that Vincent eventually came across extremely valuable and highly familiar aethertrails; the signature of aether picked up by one of the Aspects pointed to an individual that had been missing ever since the Eternals Project was dissolved. The person in question hadn't bothered to let anyone know where he was heading, instead choosing to drop off the grid entirely. A series of spatial distortions had begun to appear in multiple universes, and it was only through thorough analysis of the trails of aether left behind by these distortions that Vincent could devise a plan to figure out what was going on. With no guarantee he would be able to come back in the blink of an eye, the Red Magister leaves his home and Hyades in the hands of the most capable Aspect he'd created, the little firecracker known as Kirisame. Stepping into one of the most stable spatial distortions, Vincent resolves to find out just what exactly is giving off this energy signature, wholly determined to get to the bottom of this matter...At the same time, one of the most prestigious organizations dealing with wizards, mages, magisters, warlocks, and most other Multiversal professions related to the usage of magic and all its variants throughout the Multiverse, receives distressing news. The Sect of Dreams, the name given to the faction belonging to Vincent's biological father, has begun a full-scale assault throughout several universes seemingly picked at random. Vylena and V had contacted a former student of the Magisterium, and a former apprentice of the Red Magister himself, someone whose immense desire for power and revenge set him upon the downtrodden path of Darkness. The Adam of Dark, Zandakar, possessed an agenda of his own, though their objectives lined up quite nicely at the moment. Naturally, it was far better to have a force of nature such as him as an ally rather than an enemy, and Vylena's silver tongue had been the key element in forging an alliance with the big Z. Alas, this is but the beginning of a new calamity that is certain to ripple throughout the Multiverse...~ Chapter ongoing... ~Gifts and EquipmentThe Jeweled Azoth - DaggerLiberi Fatali - Adaptive RunebladeFaux Liberi Fatali x??? - Adaptive RunebladesStack Of Magical Cards - DeckCreations○ Set of the Shadow Queen - Full Suit of Changing Armor   • Skinsuit of the Shadow Queen - Body Piece   • Spines of the Shadow Queen - Adaptive Weapons   • The Dimension of the Shadow Queen - Personal Artificial Space○ Set of the Charred Winds - Armor○ Arms of the Forge - Gauntlets○ Hell's Advocate - Gauntlets○ The Slayer's Sword - Broadsword○ Spear of Atonement - SpearLombardiaA modified cruiser capable of destroying most - if not all - ships that attempt to bring a grim fate to the magister's enemies.The Lombardia is a cruiser that was originally designed to be a flagship for House Tsukimoto, though ended up as a repurposed vessel by Vincent. A cruiser is generally a middle-weight combatant that is faster than a dreadnought and more heavily armed than the swifter frigates. They are standard patrol units which often lead frigate flotillas. This specific cruiser is roughly three hundred meters long and houses five different decks: the Combat Information Center, the Engineering deck, the Hangar, the Crew’s Quarters, and the Central Laboratory. The ship has been snatched from a universe which information has not yet been disclosed, and modified by the magister mage Vincent Fiorelli. Although not skilled on a technological level, he has been able to apply his knowledge of witchcraft, magic, and blacksmithing in general to completely modify the cruiser, further enhancing the ship’s armor plating and installed weapons. The material “Fiorellite” has come into play for this upgrading, a special ore that straddles the line of metallic and non-metallic properties. In reality, the material is alive and ever-changing, and it could very well be said that objects created with Fiorellite grow with their wielder. Be it a weapon, a piece of armor, an ornament, or a vehicle, the object gains a sentience of its own but it will obey the desires of their owner or wielder, and they will grow accordingly depending on the combat experience they gain with each battle. Let us rewind for a brief moment and talk about Lombardia's decks, as these are the rooms every person that boards the ship will be treading daily: The Combat Information Center (CIC) – It is comprised of the ship’s bridge, the smaller Research and Tech Labs, the Armory, the Communications Room, and the main airlock. The bridge is generally manned by one or two people who are in charge of ‘driving’ the ship, so to speak. The CIC is centered around a large galaxy map, which can be projected on the floor tiles or even in midair, and which can be used to plot Lombardia's next destination. The smaller Research and Tech Labs are situated behind the CIC, and they are used for analyzing small samples of materials and the like as well as figuring out their possible implementations. The person in charge of these labs is also in charge of the Central Laboratory. More information on the latter down below.The Armory houses the weapons available to the crew as well as the addition of newly acquired and newly developed weapons and armor. Generally there will be a few people in charge of organizing the crew’s loadout before deployment.The Communications Room is dominated by a large, round conference table where the person in charge of a previously discussed mission can hold briefings and discussions with the crew. Aside from this, it can be used by crew members to communicate with other people throughout the multiverse in real time thanks to the ship’s communications array.The Engineering Deck – This deck houses Lombardia's core. It’s a large, pulsating mass of metal and flesh-like tissue which brims with raw power. Engineers housed here take care of maintaining the core as well as fixing whatever needs fixing within the inner workings of the ship. There is a trash compactor located in the Starboard Cargo Area, complete with a video surveillance monitor that aids the engineers with faulty systems and the like. The monitor, much like Lombardia, is fully sentient, often making small talk with the engineers and helping them out whenever necessary.The Hangar – This is the lowest deck in the ship and where various shuttles and vehicles available for deployment are stored. Nothing much else to say about this room.The Crew’s Quarters – This is where the crew spends most of their time within the ship. It includes a specific room for each crew member where they can perform their regular and daily activities, bathrooms, life support control, a mess-hall run by a chef skilled in multiversal delicacies, and the AI core. The latter is located at the rear of the medical bay, which is run by a doctor specializing in magical, technological, and standard methods of healing. Aside from these rooms, there is the Starboard Observation chamber, where the crew’s library is located, the Port Observation chamber, which includes a small entertainment center and a minibar, and the Gaming Zone, which includes computers, consoles, and various other means of entertainment. The Playstation 35 and the Xbox 9600 stand out the most amongst the consoles, while the Pentium 555 appears to be the top choice for PC gamers.The Central Laboratory – This is where the bulk of the crew’s research and experimenting occurs and the newly created pieces of armor and weapons are tested. There are various protective runes and systems overlooking the process of creation, testing, researching, and experimenting which effectively capture, purify, and absorb any energy released in the event of an explosion or in the event of instability. Thanks to these systems, any member of the crew can try their hand at creating new objects, weapons, or armor, so long as it’s beneficial for their comrades and the mission at hand. Lombardia's Armaments The weapons and armor that Lombardia possesses are far from standard, as the mixture of technology and magic has changed most of their original, rudimentary aesthetics and effects. Runic Disruptor Torpedoes: These are powered projectiles with warheads that create random and unstable fields of energy when triggered. These fields warp space-time in a located area through the use of ‘dark energy’. Dark energy is the name given to the universal “fifth force”. Like electromagnetism or gravity, dark energy influences all matter and its effects can be seen on both cosmological and subatomic scales. The repulsive effects of dark energy are the primary reason the expansion of the multiverse is gradually accelerating. All in all, the rapid asymmetrical mass changes causes the target of the torpedoes to rip itself apart. During flight, torpedoes use a mass-increasing field which makes them too massive for enemy kinetic and psychokinetic barriers to repel. Because extra mass retards acceleration, torpedoes are easy prey for defensive weapons systems and must be launched at extremely close range. These torpedoes possess several sets of runes that nullify damage to the parent craft, meaning that they can be launched right away without the necessity of ‘cold-launching’ (releasing them before their thrusters ignite) them. These runes can also protect the torpedo from at least one attack, be it magical or physical, before fizzling out.Titan Cannon: The Titan Cannon is a powerful weapon specifically designed as one of the tools capable of turning the tides of a battle – or of outright eliminating the opposition in one fell swoop. It uses an electromagnetic field to shape and accelerate a stream of superheated molten metal to relativistic velocities, which then impacts its target and deals horrendous amounts of damage. The weapon’s fire appears as a bright blue beam and is strong enough to destroy a Dreadnought with one shot. Vincent has made several modifications to the original cannon of the ship, further enhancing the power of the blast. Runes etched on the barrel of the cannon add a special anti-barrier property, giving the stream the capability to outright pierce through kinetic and psychokinetic barriers amongst others. A second set of runes protect the ship and the cannon from overheating in the process of firing, allowing several consecutive shots in a relatively short span of time. Any excess energy will be received by the third set of runes around the barrel, recycling and using it up in the event of future shots. Good Ol’ Lasers: These standard lasers have been further enhanced by magic and the same runes capable of adding anti-barrier properties to the weapon. As with the Titan Cannon, excess energy is absorbed and used up in future streams of ether-, mana-, or regularly enhanced superheated light. Lombardia's Defenses Fiorellite Armor: The armor plating is nearly unsurpassed in strength and can resist even the tremendous heat and kinetic energy of starship weapons. The original plating was already powerful enough to withstand many kinds of hardships, given its central material - carbon nanotube sheets woven with diamond Chemical Vapor Deposition which are crushed by extreme pressure fields into super-dense layers able of resisting extreme temperatures; the process also compensates for diamond’s brittleness. The Fiorellite ore added onto this armor causes the material to grow in strength with each battle the ship sees, eliminating the ever growing list of more and more weapons that could penetrate through the ship’s hull as time passes.Runic Cyclonic Barrier Technology (RCBT): RCBT attempts to solve the higher-end limitations of the traditional kinetic barriers. Whereas traditional kinetic barriers cannot block high-level kinetic attacks such as disruptor torpedoes because of the torpedoes’ dark energy fields which add to their mass, the RCBT violently slaps aside rather than halting incoming linear force. By rotationally firing their protective field projectors, Lombardia can create rapidly oscillating kinetic barriers instead of static ones. Shooting through the RCBT is like trying to shoot at a target inside a spinning ball. The runes added onto the module further enhance the strength of the barriers and, should the RCBT emitter be damaged, it corrects itself to become a traditional shield array enhanced by the runes. These runes also give the RCBT the capability to actually deflect magical or energy-like attacks back towards their attacker, but it is a feature with a cooldown of three minutes per reflection.GUARDIAN: The General Ultimate Area Defense Integration Anti-spacecraft Network consists of anti-missile and anti-fighter laser turrets on the exterior hull. These have been further enhanced from the original installment on the ship, altered with Fiorellite and with Vincent’s magecraft. Each turret can fire a network of lasers that intercepts incoming missiles and even pursue fighter and interceptor class ships. Up to ten lasers can be fired from each turret, each with homing properties that are virtually incapable of damaging the parent vessel due to the aforementioned defensive capabilities. Aside from that, the GUARDIAN lasers can also be fired at cruisers, dreadnoughts, and other ships with 100% accuracy. Since lasers move at light speed, they cannot be dodged by anything moving at subluminal speeds. Unless the beam is aimed poorly, it will always hit its target, however, GUARDIAN fire is not 100% lethal nor does it have to be. Lasers are limited by diffraction. The beam ‘spreads out’, decreasing the energy density the weapon can place on a target. Any high-powered laser is a short range weapon. GUARDIAN networks have been enhanced to remove the limitation of heat as, normally, weapons-grade lasers require a cooldown time during which heat is transferred onto sinks or radiators. As lasers fire, heat builds within them, reducing damage, range, and accuracy, however, this is null and void for the GUARDIAN.Lombardia's Propulsion And Power Systems Enhanced Antiproton Thrusters: These eight large antiproton thrusters have been further enhanced to provide more than enough mobility and speed for the entire ship, with both aft and forward exhausts. Antiprotons are injected into a reaction chamber filled with hydrogen and the resulting matter-antimatter annihilation provides unmatched motive power. The exhaust of antiproton drives is measured in millions of degress Celsius, and any vessel caught behind them will melt like wax in a blowtorch. The Fiorelli’s involvement with these thrusters allows the ship to use an extremely minor quantity of fuel, compared to the original array, in a much more powerful manner. Endless magic has been applied to the extended fuel cells that the magister found in the propulsion system, quite literally giving the ship an unlimited source of fuel to burn.Draconic Drive Core: The DDC is powered by raw streams of ether and by a central nuclear fusion plant. Disruptive defensive technology prevents outer influences from controlling or manipulating the ether within the core. H-fuel cells can provide auxiliary power in case the main reactor is shut down. Aside from that, a secondary DDC generates mass concentrations that Lombardia “falls into”, allowing it to move without the use of heat-emitting thrusters. It also generates a powerful field around the ship that enables FTL travel. Aside from this, the two DDCs serve a secondary purpose; transformation. Lombardia possesses a module that allows it to completely change its form into a beast reminiscent of a dragon. Not only do its weapons systems become further empowered, but the ship can utilize powerful Fiorellite claws and tail to tear enemy ships apart and rend them asunder.Lombardia's Additional Systems Modular Probe Bay: Probes are small crafts designed solely to recover valuable resources from planets and investigate anomalies detected on them. Up to 100 probes can be stored in the bay. Vincent has enhanced these probes so that the resources gathered are automatically transferred to a pocket space which is then accessed by Lombardia to recover resources without any issues. Bear in mind that the pocket space is protected by multiple runes that even act against anti-magic equipment, rendering it useless, in order to protect Lombardia. Auric Sensors: The regular sensors for this ship used passive and active scanners, such as visual, thermographic, and radio detectors, radar, and LADAR (LAser Detection and Ranging). LADAR has a narrower field of view than radar, but ladar resolution allows images of detected objects to be assembled. Vincent, after fiddling with the equipment, has managed to install Auric Sensors to the ship. These are capable of mapping out an entire area based on the readings of aura – lifeforce – of living and non-living objects, and then classify each one with specific names and colors.Runic Stealth Systems: Lombardia has the capability to not only sink its heat within the hull and combining this with the refrigeration of the exterior hull allowing for it to travel undetected for hours. It has the capability to turn completely invisible when traveling through open space or even when hovering near a planet. Vincent has melded his knowledge of technology with his knowledge over magecraft to design a spell capable of being triggered and reused multiple times through the application of Endless Magic which practically causes the ship to literally absorb and refract light perfectly without leaving a glass-like pattern behind. Should this approach fail, the ship can phasewalk, becoming invisible in one realm yet visible in another.The Magister’s Lair Located near the central region of the Sahara, slightly to the east of the Ahaggar mountains and delving within the Libyan Desert, what appears to be an enormous slab of black rock extends towards the skies. An artificially grown jungle expands across what once was sand, though its composition has been tampered with, ultimately shifting the entire scenery and transforming it all into rich and fertile dirt. The whole area – a kilometer around the tower – is saturated with mana and rich in Mist, often producing illusory images and messing with the minds of weaker creatures, such as humans or simple Earthly animals. The Mist often takes the form of an iridescent – though usually orange – semi-transparent fog. Light at the edges of the jungle, the quantity and density of the Mist becomes higher the closer one gets to the tower. The effects of the Mist vary wildly depending on the length of exposure and strength of the fog. For example, animals like dogs and cats could suffer mutations to their bodily structure, growing larger and consequently stronger, their reflexes could see themselves magically augmented, and they could even gain the capability to utilize low level magic attacks as though they inherently possessed them. In rare cases, such creatures can gain heightened cognitive processes, becoming monsters that are eventually sought after by hunters and researchers alike. Beings that are used to constant exposure to magical energies won’t see any change on their physiology or thought processes, naturally being capable of pushing the mental disturbances aside as well. At most, they’d only perceive a small buzzing in the back of their minds.The once normal-looking jungle has also undergone several changes over the years of exposure to the Mist, as trees and plants evolved while taking in the rich magical energies permeating the environment. Fly traps have developed, becoming deadly man eating plants with enough intelligence to lure their prey through an array of scents and slight psychic skills to project sounds and illusions alike. Common predators have evolved into ferocious beasts that assault each other or sometimes escape the jungle in search of better prey. Most of them perish in the desert, though very few have been rumored to reach small human settlements, either devouring each and every single individual in the camps or meeting a premature death at the hands of men.The natural defenses of the magister’s lair rely on both the Mist and the creatures within his jungle, but there’s more than meets the eye. First and foremost, several layers of enchantments surround the extent of the area – barriers encompassing the width and length of the jungle – that quite literally drive prying eyes away. This is done carefully and mostly through the beholder’s senses. Were a human traveler gaze upon the jungle from afar, they would regard it as nothing more than a mirage and carry on with their travels. The barriers simply suggest at the impossibility of a jungle in the middle of the desert and amplify the individual’s common sense according to Earthly ways. In the event that the traveler/s still found themselves drawn to the jungle, another series of enchantments kicks in merely to rearrange the thought processes of the humanoid/s staring upon the vast greenery. If all the above should fail, a third defensive measure ensures that whoever attempts to approach the jungle simply keeps walking in a straight line, giving them the illusion that they’re making progress but never actually growing closer to the magister’s true lair. There exists a particular spot in the jungle where Vincent grows many different kinds of plants, herbs, and even vegetables and fruits. The trigger to reach this place exists as a slab of stone hidden deep within the underbrush and protected by a small puzzle. It is unknown even to the magister why the artifacts that make up the puzzle are completely indestructible, but the magic that binds it together also spreads throughout the entire area, rendering that portion of the desert under it protection. Even when Vincent punched the objects countless times, not a single dent was left upon its stone-like surface. In any event… Once the puzzle is solved, stepping on the slab of stone practically allows access to this specific pocket dimension. Named the “Pleasing Garden”, it’s a conglomeration of illusions and vast corridors that, unless one knows the exact way around them, it is impossible to travel through. Naturally, plates with riddles and what not exist all across the walls of the Garden, and there’s even a couple signs in areas where walls are practically nonexistent. It is of note that any power that would allow one to skip the trials of the Garden is automatically restricted upon entry, which basically makes people stepping inside the dimension no different from a common human. Vincent seems to be the only one exempt from that rule, believing that the pocket dimension is akin to – if not exactly the same as – a Reality Marble.Perhaps the Reality Marble, capable of dictating the rules within it, has an effect on the portion of the desert that the slab protects. Seeing as how Vincent is one of the few who has been able to decipher the contents of the puzzle and access the Garden, it could be inferred that the Reality Marble has allowed him to control the laws and rules in effect within his lair and within the pocket dimension as well. The truth of the matter, however, is unknown even to the Fiorelli.The Secret Library - HyadesHyades is a dimension located between dimensions. In the seams found between each and every universe, the conduits of this particularly hidden Library constantly gather information to add to the endless shelves found within. It was through a twist of destiny that Vincent came into contact with a series of glyphs and puzzles that led him to one of the many 'doors' that connect to it. There are as many Secret Libraries as universes in the Multiverse, but every single one of them is unique and none of them are universal. The prelude to the Akashic Records, Hyades holds many kinds of different information accessible to a single individual that becomes intrinsically linked with the iteration of Hyades they discover. Currently, Vincent can establish an uplink to Hyades from any universe he is present in, gathering valuable information from the environment which enables him to study his surroundings better. Aside from that, he can also observe people whose energy signature has been registered within the Library. As long as he recognizes said energy signature, he is able to track their movements flawlessly and even observe the conflicts they may be participating in.The VaitroyePhysical description to be added. For now, most of the information on the Vaitroye excluding its technical sheet - which will be listed below - is in this thread.Technical InformationModel Number: VR-03 Model Name: Vaitroye.Appearance: 1.Model Type: Experimental Super Robot Prototype Manufacturer: Unknown. Pilot History: Unknown.Current Pilot: Vincent Fiorelli Accommodation: Single Pilot. Height: 44 meters. Weight: 131.5 tons. Construction: Mixture of alloys: Zfylud Crystals, Fiorellite, and others. Power Generator: Pilot’s Bioelectrical Energy. Unknown generator granted additional functions with ‘Endless’ magic laced through its systems. Resembles the Lombardia’s Draconic Drive Core with vast improvements. Propulsion: Upgraded Twin Tesla Drives-S for continuous, uninterrupted flight. Augmented Boost Drive. Troye Class Thrusters on back (x2), arms (x4), legs (x2), and feet (x2 at the soles, x2 at the ankles). System Interface: Direct Feedback Motion System. Equipment and Design Features: Auric Sensors. Integrated Hyades Terminal (IHT). Aethera State Personal Terminal (ASPT). Endless Dimensional Tracer (EDT). Runic Stealth Systems (RSS). Anti-Beam Field (AB Field). Hyper Dimensional Jammer (HDJ. Allows for Multiple Image Evasion Protocol). Fixed Armaments: Burst Daggers (x∞). Slicing Claws (x2 – Mounted along the forearms. Self-Repairing). Enhanced Zfylud-Fiorellite Sword (x1 – Self-Repairing). Sword Breakers (x∞) Optional Fixed Armaments: Vaitroye Fiorellite Cape. Optional Hand Armaments: Unknown. Special Armaments: Unknown. Additional Parts 1: G-Territory Generator. Description TBA.Additional Parts 2: Machine Cells. Description TBA.Additional Parts 3: Erebus Jewels. Description TBA.